So my wife and I have been using this app to track the baby’s growth, learn about our pregnancy, and try to be the best first timers we can be. However, these baby size comparisons are absolute bonkers. From endive to kiwi, cabbage to lettuce? A ball fruit to a long fruit? Week over week these size comparisons are wild and so out of left field. Like I get that they are “standard/average” but like we all know there’s like 3 to 4 popular heads of lettuce? Romain is different than green leaf which is different than iceberg. All of them differing in both shape, size, and weight. In the first trimester, the baby gets compare to endive. Have you seen endive? It can get huge. Also, endive can be either endive or radicchio and those are two vastly different plants. And like like orange to squash to grapefruit or something like that. I also believe there was a comparison jump from a round citrus or melon to a long vegetable. Week 18- artichoke to mango to banana to endive to coconut to grapefruit to cauliflower to kale and now lettuce. So are we comparing length or weight? And later on it’s compared to asparagus??? At 16.2 inches long? I’ve seen asparagus that long- BUT I’ve been a professional chef. Asparagus in a store that large is RARE. but again, length or weight??

The app has been very informative for a lot of things, but the size comparison is UNHINGED. Very entertaining, and not consistent or regulated at all. It’s so approachable, comprehensive and educational. I feel so informed with everything that is happening along the way. A lot of times, a new symptom will develop and I’ll open the bump app and it just happens to be what one of the daily articles is about! Everything is so on point and relevant. You get the cute “fruit” size updates, week by week informational updates on what to expect, daily articles, appointment calendar, weekly checklists on things that will probably be coming up soon or things to get done, 3D views on what baby looks like and what’s developing that week, plus 3D view of what is happening inside your own body as well! There’s forums, and the new update that immediately says how far along you are and how many weeks to go is great! I truly love this app for pregnancy and feel very lucky to have found it. I don’t feel “lost” or filled with unending questions, instead— I feel as in control as possible during pregnancy!  Highly recommend. I really love this app. Now, do I love it because it continuously reminds me that I’m going to become a grandmother or because it’s a solid place for information and resources? Lemme say, it’s BOTH!! I will say I also have another app download that I had to pay a tiny fee for. But what I wish this app had (that the other does) is a place to upload my pics of my daughter’s growing belly. And whatever other pictures I decide I want to keep on the app. This app does allow you to make changes to  I absolutely appreciate The Bump’s consistent flow of both daily changes and weekly changes as they’re are a lot of fun. My daughter, my mother (who will become a great grandmother), and myself almost have a daily race to see who gets to the app first upon awakening, so that we can be the first one of the day to send a .gif to our group message about which item the baby is to be compared. Like today my daughter is 16 weeks along and this week’s comparison of the Bebe is the size of an avocado. The daily fact today is that Bebe is the size of a chipmunk (minus their tail)! Always so cute. So now I’m ~24 weeks away from becoming a grandmother to a Capricorn Bebe. 🥰 Number one, the “daily fact” is a comparison of the size of baby to an object. These have become a comedy topic for friends and family as the daily size of my baby went from a lime to a Swedish fish, to a plum, to being able to “fit on a sugar packet.” I send the daily “fact” and we laugh about how the baby may have significantly shrunk for the day. All fun and games. My other issue with the app, however is much more serious…

In an article about when you can determine the sex/gender of your baby, the article gives a long paragraph defining gender as something that the baby will be able to determine as he or she grows… this is a NEW THEORY that has only come about in recent pop culture and is being presented as FACT in this article. This THEORY is very controversial and is NOT accepted by the majority of scientists and physicians, or the general population, but rather an agenda being pushed by a relatively small group people. The idea of gender fluidity being pushed in an article and being presented as fact is disgusting. 
The “daily fact” was funny, but with this disturbing article I will not be deleting the app immediately and I encourage other free-thinking individuals who do not just jump on the band wagon of every “popular” hot topic that contradicts thousands of years of social norms to do the same. This app is great for answering the big and small questions that come along with pregnancy and becoming a new parent. I’m on my third child and in my 30s, so I would like to see more diverse articles for moms as well as Dads and families with older kids. 
I love how there’s 3 to 5 new articles per day, and getting notifications about how far along I am. It’s a fun little reminder. It feels a little bit like someone is right there excited about your pregnancy alongside you. 
I like the 3-D example each week of what my baby looks like, as well as the little tidbits of information that are specific to help my babies growth. I also love how every week right when I open the app there’s a comparison to a familiar fruit, so it’s easy for me to visualize how big my baby is. I can also easily share information about our new family member with my older kids, their ages six and eight. They like the pictures and easy-to-understand information about babies progress.
I have no big complaints about this app, just improving the demographic it’s geared towards and broadening the article information would be a positive improvement. I used this app while pregnant with my first born. He was born this March. I had very little knowledge on pregnancy and found lots of information that was useful. My son had a few problems on the womb and I stressed over it bc I do not do well when o don’t understand an issue and I want all the details. The bump calmed me down having unbiased straight facts and I was able to talk to moms with similar issues with this app. There are so many articles to read and it is so easy to search for a specific topic and ask questions if needed. My son is over 4 months and the app still gives me information that I need and has great suggestion articles. My all time favorite feature with The Bump App or website is the weekly information and 3D visual of the baby and his progress with them and the mother’s body as well. I would recommend this app to any expecting mother or even fathers to learn how to help their wives and themselves through the 40 week process and also to anyone with a newborn! I love the week-by-week tracker and learning how baby is developing. The articles are often useful and entertaining. The nutrition advice, though, is often confusing or conflicting from article to article. I would like to see more consistent, evidence-based nutrition articles—if what we eat is what our babies are made out of (literally) then it’s perhaps one of the most important topics. For example, today I encountered an article suggesting to reduce red meat consumption and get iron instead from seeds and nuts. While seeds and nuts have wonderful benefits and should definitely be included in a healthy diet, they are not at all equivalent in terms of iron. I recently read another article that said breakfast cereal is a sufficient source of vitamin D. 😬 If you want to eat cereal, no problems there, but don’t assume additional supplementation won’t be necessary. Whatever a mother decides to eat, she should be given full and accurate information so she can confidently make her own decisions. For moms using this app, I’d highly recommend also picking up a good evidence-based book like Real Food for Pregnancy. I would say that MOST of the information week by week was extremely helpful. There were just a few details that I would have liked to see improved. First, the 3D models always had smaller bellies, more like what a first time mom would have. 2nd, there was nothing on prodromal labor that came up, so I both had that and had to research it myself, because it’s not Braxton Hicks and it’s not progressing, active labor, but something in between that women can get before they are full or early term. Also, I always feel like I’m being “sold” to when the healthcare industry pushes vaccines for all moms and babies, where they simply are not right for everyone and affect everyone differently, sometimes adversely. Third, there is NOTHING about birth center or homebirth, which is way more common today than it used to be. It is a myth that giving birth in a hospital is safest, and in reality, less intervention and less technological interference in normal deliveries leads to better outcomes and happier memories (read Gentle Birth Choices). That is evidence based. I love this app! I’ve been using it since I found out I was pregnant around 6 or 7 weeks pregnant and it’s been amazing so far. I’m 18 weeks now and each week my homepage updates with new information about my little one. The info is always accurate (I read a lot as this is my first pregnancy and I’m naturally curious) and even throughout each week it tells me how big baby is. The app also updates articles and has forums where you can chat with other parents and parents to be. I love it so much I recommended it to my mom who lives in a different state but wanted to keep up with my pregnancy as well. She loves that there’s an “someone you love is expecting” option where all you need is their due date. The interface is also adorable with a nice color scheme and cute little pictures of fruit. I also love the 3D baby and body view so I can keep up with my baby’s progress visually too. Anyway overall it’s an easy to use, adorable and accurate app! Okay so, I love the bump because it gives me weekly updates and notifies me with how many weeks I have left, it allows me to see a 3D version of a baby to show what’s going on with my baby for the week, it also shows what I can expect from my body in the coming week. Those are my FAVORITE features. Thanks to the articles you can find on The Bump, I also already knew all about the NT scam and many other things the doctor has takes about and he was very impressed, he still explained but the fact that I had done research made me more comfortable and I better understood what he was telling me. I love the fun facts of “on this day the baby is” those are totally awesome! I wish the bump had a cool editing feature for your pictures and you could save them all to the app! I use the BabyBoo app but I type little facts from the bump onto my pictures so they’re more unique. That’s literally the only way The Bump could get better...... bumpdate photo editing! I love this app! I honestly think I’d go crazy without it. I love this app because it gives you weekly baby development updates with 3D visual. Not only does it give weekly updates for baby, it gives weekly updates for all the changes in mom’s body and what I might be experiencing that week. Those two things alone are super informative and put my mind at ease. In addition to the weekly updates, you get 3 or 4 very informative articles daily that relate to the stage of pregnancy you’re in. I LOVE these! I didn’t buy a pregnancy book because I read these articles daily and I feel they have really prepared me. Sometimes searching online can lead to anxiety and stress. I’m glad I can trust the Bump app to put my mind at ease while being super informative. There are other awesome features like a weekly to do list and forums with questions and answers from other moms and doctors. I am pregnant with twins (first pregnancy) and although I would LOVE it if the creators had an app for twin moms (hint hint) this app still gives me a peace of mind. I check in every week and I read what’s going on with my body, which is almost always spot on with how I feel during that week. The features that I love love love in the app include the ability to see a 3D baby in the womb along with fun interesting facts and also a 3D of mommy and her body including the changes she may be going through (I wish there was an option for multiples *wink) I am also committed to uploading weekly progress photos of my pregnancy and this app helps you keep track of not only your transformation but also the babies’ ultrasound pictures. I’ve been lucky to get ultrasounds done every two weeks so I have a lot of ultrasounds. Another amazing feature is the function of a to-do list so that the mom (if new) knows what to ask the doc or what to plan for.... I have really enjoyed the Bump app. My first baby is almost 7 months old and I’ve had this app the whole time, and have watched them add and expand content along the way. I really appreciate that the daily articles come from all different perspectives and experiences, so there’s not just one agenda pushed on you. Everyone’s parenting choices and baby’s needs will be different! I loved the baby week by week during pregnancy, and even had friends download the app so they could follow along as baby developed :)

I still have two other apps, one for tracking my pregnancy symptoms and one for tracking baby’s feeds, poos, sleep etc. It looks like the Bump is expanding their in-app resources to include those features, which would be amazing, I’d love to have it all in one place! Excited to see where the app goes :) I relied on this app for pregnancy updates while I was expecting and had lots of fun talking about the fruit sizes with my husband. However, as my due date got closer, and came and went, I’ve found more and more of the articles to have sexist undertones that perpetuate stereotypes and keep moms as “default parent.” One patronizing piece about how to include male partners in the registry process (“ladies, let them add stuff guys like!”)… several about what to pack for him in his hospital bag (excuse me??), and a recent one about what guys like to put in diaper bags that includes the line “if I don’t have enough diapers I’ll just ask a mom if I can borrow one.” Kindly, no. There are others, too, that were really harmful for me in my early days postpartum, particularly one that basically said “13 things your childless friends don’t want to hear about now that you’ve had a baby.” What happened to the village, folks? If this is supposed to be an app supporting the perinatal process, it’s doing a terrible job. Some of this content is downright harmful for the new mom experience. Thanks for the fruit sizes, but I’ll pass on this app. I’m a young, first-time mommy, due in less than a week!!! This app has been SO helpful!! Not only do you get to see weekly updates on baby like their average weight & length estimation as well as themed size comparison (i chose fruits and veggies!) AND a due date countdown!!! There’s also SO MANY articles with such helpful information about EVERYTHING you need to know!!! From exploring options for delivery, pros of breastfeeding, what to pack in your hospital bag, and literally EVERY little thing in between!!! The ONLY thing I had another pregnancy app for was I used Ovia pregnancy to see the size of my little man’s growing hands and feet with ACTUAL size!!! The only feature I think the Bump could improve with, otherwise literally the best thing ever. Love this app so so much and will still be using it after my guy’s arrival to take advantage of the features it has for even after birth!! This app has provided so much knowledge entering my first pregnancy. It has been so fun & intriguing to learn about all the changes each week!

My one piece of advice to all mamas is to know this resource is here to enlighten you of what’s possible, however know you’re not guaranteed or sworn to experience all the “not so fun” stuff that can come along with the changes to our body during this time. For example, back pain is quite common and it’s one of the main symptoms I have experienced… but only for 2 weeks thus far because instead of accepting this as “my fate” due to pregnancy, I took the pain as a sign that an adjustment had to be made. Through further research I was able to find a few simple exercises to complete daily and I have been back pain free now into my third trimester! 

Don’t take all the yucky symptoms and assume you just have to deal with it. Be empowered to research solutions for yourself ❤️ It was great at first, but then participating in my birth month group has become a hassle. 

It says I must enable Java to ‘love it’ on someone’s post. I replied 2 times to thenin-app question of how they’re doing and let them know this. It says ‘we’ll be in contact.’ They were never in contact. I don’t like leaving negative reviews but it’s really annoying not to be able to show people support especially when in some threads like birth stories, people just want to keep it to the story and likes.

I also can’t upload photos most of the time when it comes to hump day bump day or nursery pics, etc. The glitches ultimately lead to a Facebook group migration in every birth month group leaving some who detest Facebook behind and bitter and creating a divide for anyone who wants to check in on both apps. This app could be amazing if they updated it. I don’t want it to go away like the baby bump app did (which I never had any problems in. I’d rather pay a one time fee for the app though than let it continue on this glitchy. I only still have it at this point to track my weekly and daily pregnancy progress. Why on earth are their articles about abortion on an app that tracks your pregnancy? The “doctors” wanted to abort my firstborn because of a major heart defect. I was 23 weeks pregnant when I received the devastating news. After the “doctors” told me their recommendation was to abort, I immediately changed clinics. My beautiful son is 14 months now and was discharged from his heart clinic because his heart completely healed on its own. An absolute miracle from the Lord. Now I am 8 weeks pregnant with my second child using this app and an abortion article randomly shows up in my newsfeed 🤯 My first run with abortion was traumatizing. Seeing an article like that randomly appear in an app that’s suppose to celebrate pregnancy is beyond disturbing. Push your abortions on a different platform. Not a platform that’s focused on celebrating the miracle of life. Not every mother wants to rip her child out of her womb. Most of us don’t. And women who do aren’t downloading your app to track their unwanted pregnancies. Remove your abortion articles from this platform. I loved this app. Love! I have opened it everyday since I found out I was pregnant. My husband and I look forward to Saturdays where we ready what to expect / what is going on for the new week. And every other day of the week the “Daily fact” has been my absolute highlight! It is the only app - aside from Facebook I look at religiously on a daily basis. I have become totally addicted to it and just love it so much. 

But it appears the daily fact just stops after 21 weeks. It’s really a shame. I have looked at other reviews and across the board this feature just ends for the 2nd half of your pregnancy. 

It is a real let down. I really miss it. Now the app is just something we look at on Saturdays or if I have a specific question ... no different at all then the What To Expect app or any of the other ones. Boo. I used this app all throughout pregnancy and continue to use it after. It’s cute to know what size fruit baby is, but actually the articles and resources were the best part. I knew what to expect at upcoming doctor’s appointments and what questions to ask if the doctor didn’t bring something up that the app mentioned. It was a trusted supplemental resource to my doctors and and a quick way to get answers and product recommendations for anything and everything you ever have questions on. As a personal favorite part of the app, I love that many of the articles are short and to the point. Sometimes you don’t need a 10 paragraph answer like so many articles have. Sometimes the answer can be summed up in a few sentences and that’s so important when you’re tired and want a fast answer!! I downloaded a few different pregnancy apps to help me through my first pregnancy and this one was my favorite. It’s by far the nicest app to look at and has really cute and interactive graphics. The weekly updates and articles are extremely informative too. I checked most of the info against a few other reputable sources online and asked my doctor for advice (especially for the symptoms I experienced personally of course) and I don’t think this app steered me wrong once. The weekly checklists were helpful too. I didn’t follow all of the suggestions but they reminded me of some important steps I might not have thought of otherwise like writing a will that includes my child and when to start baby proofing the house. There isn’t a journal but there is a photo section for documenting your pregnancy! I’d definitely recommend this app. The Bump is simply the BEST of all of the apps that can track pregnancy progress. Not only is the layout and format super, cuper cute and aesthetically pleasing, but they do SO MUCH MORE than track baby's growth! They also track your body's changes, and how big baby is compared to your body. On top if that they give
you so much info on many different (and very important) topics related to pregnancy, baby's development (both ante- and post-partum), relationships, P.P.D./mental health, health/fitness/lifestyle, labor and delivery info/tips, etc. (I could truly go on and on, they provide so much helpful info)! Really, I've downloaded and tried all the apps early in my pregnancy, but this one is simply the créme de la créme of pregnancy apps! If you plan on becoming, or are a pregnant mama, do yourself a favor, and download The Bump A.S.A.P.! ♡ I found this app to very very helpful and informative during my first pregnancy. There are a lot of great articles about nutrition, baby and momma’s development, comparisons of different baby products, etc. There are great “3D” models of what baby’s and momma’s transformation looks like as well as the various changes that are taking place for each. 

Once the baby was born, however, the articles seemed to repeat themselves quite a lot and became much less helpful, at which point I stopped using it. 

Additionally, I did find the open forum community to be somewhat glitchy for mobile devices. It was also sometimes difficult to find specific topics. 

Finally, there seemed to be a LOT of emphasis on weight gain, weight loss, and “embarrassing” changes that take place in a woman’s body - their words, not mine. This is not the most body-positive pregnancy app out there. Let’s face it - pregnancy changes a woman’s body. But our bodies do amazing things and literally can grow human beings! I think that’s something to be celebrated, not be embarrassed of. Even the women who are lucky enough to lose ALL the pregnancy weight and remain rail-thin after several kids will find that their bodies are different in one way or another. For my second pregnancy, I switched over to the Ovia Pregnancy app at the recommendation of another reviewer of The Bump and have found it to be much more helpful and positive. I love the accuracy of the information presented in this app. I googled literally everything, and it all checks out. Another thing I like is the amount of articles there are to read. There is also a community feature which allows you to talk to other moms and see what questions they’ve asked because you might have a similar need. I know that it’s not controllable per se, but a lot of the people complain about how they feel or their husbands cheating on them and leaving during the pregnancy, and I wish it were more positive in the chat rooms. Also while it does have a lot of articles, I’m finding that some of the articles are recycled because I’ve seen them more than once. These reasons are not enough to turn me away from this app, it really is one that I use every single day. I prefer simplicity and straightforward answers to questions. This app seemed to do a pretty good job of that at the beginning of my pregnancy. I’ve read some articles for information that is applicable to me, but there are articles that seem to repeat themselves. 
I loved seeing the sizes and pictures of fruit/vegetables that’d tell me how big my baby is, but some are not accurate... and what bothers me the most are the tiny facts that change every day saying how big the baby is. That seems to be all over the place compared to the fruit/vegetable that tells you inches and ounces. I’ve been looking up measurements to the items or animals they compare certain things to and it is not accurately compared. The app is more just something to look at for how far along I am at this point. I have several other apps that share different info. There’s not a perfect app, but it’d be nice if they could get their comparisons even somewhat correct. The only reason I am giving this app four stars is because it does crash usually once almost every time I use it, thus making me lose my place when I’m reading something, and is just a general inconvenience. Other than that the app runs smoothly and I have no other issues. 

I downloaded this app as soon as I found out I was pregnant, 4 weeks along. It was so awesome for my fiancé and I to be able to watch our baby grow and learn every week what was going on. Now that I’ve had my daughter, it’s also nice to get the weekly updates for life on the outside.

Throughout my pregnancy there were many useful articles that I read to keep myself sane and knowing that I was on the right track. It was nice reading from real moms as well as doctors about what I was experiencing. Seeing our baby in 3D was super neat and something we looked forward to each week. I love a lot about this app. I love the weekly growth updates that compare baby to the size of a fruit or vegetable and the 3D representations of baby and my changing body. There’s a fun rotation of “daily reads” (though admittedly some seem ill-timed and not coordinated with the pregnancy progress).

However, over the last 20ish weeks of using this app, it’s become clear that some of the articles are years old. They link to websites that are defunct (RIP Babies R Us 😭) or make seemingly weird references about babies’ ages—e.g. “big sister is 3 and Baby X was born October 2014.” It makes me wonder how much of the rest of the app is out of date. 

Another feature I would get rid of entirely: the top of the app has a little window that you can swipe across to display different information: how many weeks and the comparable fruit or veggie, upcoming appointments and “to do list of the week,” and a screen that has a cute little illustration of how many weeks/days you are along which rotates with how many weeks/days till “baby is coming.” Just get rid of “baby is coming in...” Baby might be early or late—a due date is basically just an educated guess. 

So far, it’s still my favorite pregnancy-tracking app. I completely deleted What to Expect to go exclusively with this app. But there are little things about it that annoy me. Great start, but time for updates/improvement! I don’t think I have ever left a review for an app before, but I’m doing it for this one. I am pregnant with my first and I downloaded this app when I found out at 6 weeks. The Bump has been part of my daily routine ever since. I get to keep track of how far along I am each day, the relative size of my baby every week and look at a 3D rendering on what my baby “looks” like that week. Those are just some of my favorite things about the app. It’s also chock full of articles answering every question you could have about pregnancy, a community forum, lists and LISTS of baby names, and they help you start your registry too! The Bump is one of my most used apps to date- gives me all the pregnancy and baby info I need and keeps me on track for what to expect next! I am a registered dietitian who works exclusively with eating disorders. I downloaded this app for information on both my body and my baby’s growth during this process, and while the models are interesting, the articles are non stop shaming of women related to weight and eating. Most of the articles pushed calorie counting, very specific calorie limits, and shaming for “unhealthy“ foods. I was appalled to see phrases such as “this is not an excuse to pig out” and “may seem like a free-for-all to eat your heart out,” which paints women to have zero self control, especially around food. As a first time mom who had a very hard time eating because of morning sickness, the last thing I needed was an app shaming me for my food choices when I was simply trying to survive. Pregnant women have enough to worry about during this process and do not deserve to be shamed for their food and lifestyle choices, as they are likely doing the absolute best they can. I really like this app! I started using it as soon as we found out about our babygirl! I loved seeing the 3D picture of how she was growing! As a first time mom and not being around any other moms it really helped fill me in on what was going on, where I should be, what to expect it was very helpful and educational actually! Now that babygirl is here I can track how she grows, what to expect and know what she should be doing! I love the weekly photos it’s amazing how fast and much she’s grown in the past 4 months! Time flys I try to get on here weekly to keep up on the time line but sometimes forget lol but I would recommend this app to any new moms! Super helpful in many ways! Even down to products you may want or need 5⭐️ Tried to submit feedback in the app- but it wouldn’t work. 
I feel like something is missing. I like that I can read my weekly update at the top of the app, but the other two cards (when you swipe) seem pointless and it seems like there could be more useful pertinent information there in prime app real estate. It would be great to see statistics about pregnancy at each week, other fun facts, or size comparisons (aside from food). Generally I like the app but there’s definitely room for improvement! When you are excited about being pregnant- it’s like you come to this app every week for an update but really the update/info given seems pretty minimal - I  wish there was just more information about the baby, a woman’s body, statistics, fun facts, things to look forward to, things to expect each week, user stories even.. just more for pregnant women to look forward to and read each week. For an app that is rooted in, and designed to explain, a natural biological process, I am not happy to see sections of my articles that ignores facts of biology. Please keep political agendas out of my daily articles and stick to science and facts. Also if you’re going to have an article that insinuates “gender” is a separate entity than sex and that someone may “identify” with a gender different than their chromosomes, please be consistent. It makes you look uneducated to then also share articles about how to plan a gender reveal party. If you’re going to tell me only sex can be determined by chromosomes, then a “gender reveal party” is inaccurately named and boarders on hypocrisy. Everyone is more than entitled to take the stance they like and it’s not my place to make others believe what I do. But please, at the very least, stay consistent in your communications and to the purpose on which the app was created. Thank you. The Bump was invaluable when I was pregnant with my first child and looking for information about baby's development. Once he was born, the app has become fairly useless. Suggested articles don't match the pace of my baby's development, or it's information that's a waste of the precious little time I'm trying to prioritize. (Example: "Forget Mama and Dada, This Baby's First Word is Google") Because all babies develop at different rates, I can understand how it would be difficult to tailor articles to everyone. However, there are certain milestones to look out for. If the app algorithm can be set to get me those specific articles when I was pregnant, then the same should be done after my baby is born. I don't need stories about raising a baby; I need the strategies to deal with the challenge he's currently having or the milestone that's coming up next, and for that, you'll have better luck looking elsewhere. This app was amazing!  I was the bonus mom using this app!  It was so amazing to be able to share with my daughter something to talk about like what the size of the baby was, as it describes it as a vegetable like Kale, an orange, or Papaya, and it uses the babies name, if you know what it’s gonna be!  It also has the cutest daily information like the babies foot is as long as a KitKat!!!  Something you can relate too!  It also had 3D that you can see the baby inside your body!  It was just amazing and I thought back to my pregnancy, and I loved seeing how my babies were inside my body!!!  Now that our baby is here, you tell it he is born and it doesn’t end, no it continues to explain how things are after birth!!  Great information!!!  I Love it and would recommend it to everyone!!!!! I love this app. I used it to track my entire pregnancy and I’ve been using it since my baby was born. I love all the features, especially the breastfeeding and diaper tracker. It gives me peace of mind to keep track of everything. However, no matter how clearly I save my entries, they keep getting automatically deleted. Sometimes my entire days worth of entries will be deleted. Sometimes my most recent entry will just get deleted. This keeps happening over and over. If this wasn’t an issue, I’d give the app five stars. If this can be resolved I’d change my rating. But if this keeps happening I’ll have to find a different app because this is getting ridiculous. If this could be fixed to be more reliable, I’d have no complaints about this app! I’ve used a few different apps to play around and decide which one I wanted to stick with, and especially post the redesign this happens to be one of the best apps for information, renewed content, and ease of use. I’m excited to come in fresh every day to see my new daily fact and new fresh reads. The tools connected are great and it’s easy to use and content-wise comparable to the big ones out there (like what to expect) but beats them in how it’s presented and refreshes daily to keep regular engagement. The only reason it’s not a 5 for me is the app is sometimes buggy - sometimes it won’t open or load right or makes me re-login, or tells me my login isn’t correct (when it is). If that can be accounted for, this would be 5 so quick it would give y’all whiplash. I like the apps daily articles. What I’m not so fond of are the amount of typos I see daily. (In the recent “Is Back Pain a Sign of Labor?” the question beneath reads “hurting to much to walk.” It should be “too much.”) There are many other instances of this happening, but this is the only one I have on hand. You should probably have someone spellcheck/edit content before posting.

Another thing that lessens credibility is the number of articles touting what I can only describe as lazy pseudoscience. Often articles will also contradict one another. One wrote to be wary when receiving a mani/pedi because certain massage points “could trigger preterm labor.” (Spoiler: they can’t.) Another daily article given later said massages couldn’t trigger labor even if you wanted them to.

Other than that, app is all right and doesn’t have too many bugs. Forums take a little while to load. i love the app, love the daily reads, love the interactive 3d models; especially because it gives me a 3d model of my body changing & growing too. One thing i would suggest to the app creators is that under the “real answers tab” if they displayed questions from most recent to least recent, or recommended, or at least give you a drop down menu of how you want to view the questions. i love looking through there and seeing what other women’s experiences are like but everytime i click the “more questions” it shows me ones all the way from 2016, and it shows the exact same ones in the exact same sequence everytime i click on it. I want to see what other people who are around my same GA during this year are going through. Lots of articles to read daily which is nice but sometimes the information is inaccurate in said articles. Add that to the fact some of their articles are also pretty outdated (they promoted a product that was discontinued three years ago), and you slightly wonder how credible the app is as a whole. 
Every day they give you a new size comparison such as “on this day your baby is as tall as a bobby-pin” or “on this day your baby can fit on a post-it note”. I love that. 
Another huge plus is there is no chance to be catty and rude to other women in the community board. Pretty much every other pregnancy app has pregnancy communities full of awful women that treat others badly. A good majority of those women aren’t even pregnant, they just have nothing better to do. I have not seen that and it is what makes this app the winner. There are features that I love about this app which make it unique to others I have such as the 3D images of baby each week and of mom’s body. I also really enjoy that e arch day it’ll tell you something new about the size or weight of your baby instead of just the weekly fruit since they don’t go from one to another over night. 

When looking at an app I like a one stop shop and the feature this app doesn’t offer is an overall calendar to track pregnancy related records like symptoms, sickness, workouts, OTC meds, etc. I have to use another app for that. 

Even with using other pregnancy apps I find myself coming to the bump most often for the new daily articles, 3D models, and daily size/weight updates on baby. I definitely recommend this app to all expectant moms. …And seeing my grandson’s growth in  
3-D (?) in the body of the mother. The daily comparison to everyday objects is fun for my husband and I to think and talk about. This app has also afforded many ways for me to keep up with what each trimester will bring and enables me to ask less questions about how she’s feeling or what she’s experiencing but to instead be aware of them so as to the things I can do to for her w/o her having to ask me to do or leaving her to do them for herself, when I know by what I’ve read that she’s truly not feeling like it.  I would recommend this app certainly to all expecting couples but especially for the grands of this little bundle of joy coming their way soon!!!!!! I like the daily facts, the weekly information the app gives you, and the customizations you can make. I also read the daily articles on different topics which some are helpful but some I kind of just blow off. The app is very user friendly and never has bug type problems (or at least I haven’t experienced any). I will say that I am missing a star in my rating because the “real answers” part of this app doesn’t always give current or medical information - it’s more of just what other users have done in their own pregnancies, so I wouldn’t really call it reliable, but then again you should probably be calling your doctor for most questions anyway. Whenever I was concerned about something those answers didn’t really make me feel any better because anyone can post anything. I love this pregnancy app, it has so many different topics that you can read throughout your pregnancy, about what’s normal, what could possibly happen, and maybe when you need to give your doc a call. I love that it tells you what goes on with baby and your body for each week. One thing that I was disappointed in was that before they did an update a while back, I used to could just search a couple of words and there would already be many mamas that had the same question as me, and there it was answered most of the time! However, now, you can still search your question but it doesn’t seem to be as convenient as it used to be. But overall this is an incredible app, you can’t go wrong with it! I downloaded it the day I discovered I was having a baby. The app is very informative. All contents are very precise and to the point. The language used is simple English making it very easy to understand. I have used other similar apps too during my pregnancy but found The Bump to be most relevant especially during the third trimester when all thoughts about labor and delivery kick in. This app helped me a lot in being aware of my own pregnancy, the changes my body is undergoing, what to expect during labor & delivery and new born basics. Everyday you get new reads which comes as brand new information and unlike other apps the new day read is a surprise. I used to look forward to new content every morning during my 9 months. If you create a new profile (basically adding a pregnancy) your new due date shows up online through a google search even in the first trimester. Yikes!! They linked my new pregnancy due date to a previous registry, which explains why family members were asking me if I’m pregnant again. So when someone goes back in to look at your registry boom a new due date appears at the top which basically means your pregnant again. I emailed them and said each profile should be considered separate and not linked to different registries. Each profile should have its own registry. Awful experience and I’m deleting my account after this review. Now I’m left w trying to figure out what to tell my family bc it’s so early we weren’t ready to make an announcement. Oh and once you delete a profile you can’t track your pregnancy anymore so the app is pointless. Unless you don’t care that the world can see your due date right away through a google search. I have The Bump as well as “What to Expect” and “Baby Center” and The Bump is 100% my favorite. I keep What to Expect because I love the weekly videos, the lady is so nice and happy and I just love her tone. I had “Baby Center” because in the early stages, like first trimester, it had a lot of information about MY body that the other apps did not have - which I really enjoyed. This being my first pregnancy, I had no idea what to expect and “Baby Center” really helped with what to expect regarding my own body. Other than that, overall, The Bump is where it is at! I have really enjoyed all of the perks this app offers as well as the detailed information. 100% my favorite pregnancy app!! :) I highly recommend. I’m a FTM and having this resource at my fingertips is really valuable! I don’t have all the time in the world to scour the internet for everything re baby, have to go to work too you know! This app brings up relevant articles for the stage in pregnancy you are at currently which give you the scoop on what is happening every week and this makes you feel like this child growing inside you is more real, this is big especially when you’ve lived your whole life not pregnant it makes the whole thing a bit more real then just the OB telling you that you have a child in your belly! Great app, community forums from moms sharing their experiences! Helps you track your progress! Love it would never change it for any other app! I used the Knot when planning my wedding with my husband, so I was familiar with the company and liked their app designs. 
I really enjoy being able to find answers to the majority of my questions either on my news feed or by doing a quick search in the app. The Bump has really helped me get through my first pregnancy, and I plan on continuing to use it to learn more after giving birth.

The only other thing I wish The Bump had is a companion app for non-pregnant partners. My husband LOVES being able to learn alongside me, but the information is all catered to me. There’s so much that he wants to learn about as a new dad, but that information isn’t readily available to him. I hope that someday soon apps and sources like The Bump recognize the huge role our partners play in our pregnancies and being new parents. The Bump helps me (29y/o F) focus on week/trimester appropriate expectations - what is normal and when to call my doctor - and keep track of how far along I am. I have a different frame of reference for some of the comparative fruits and veggies (i.e. I imagine a coconut to be bigger than asparagus), but that feature is cute. My husband and I enjoy the daily bumpdates and articles on the app; I am a first time mom, so I’ll take all the help I can get, and there are articles for dad too! I learned so much just from skimming through the recommended reading from how to roll over with a giant belly, to how to tell the difference between labor indicating contractions and Braxton Hicks. 
Definitely recommended for first time parents. I really appreciate that The Bump app covers a breadth and depth of info to help us learn all things baby and maternity. The 2-minute daily reads provide info in digestible chunks, which we can look further into when we’re ready, without becoming overwhelmed. The article contributors appear to be from credible, up-to-date sources, which is really important to me as an expectant mama and fellow healthcare worker/researcher. The checklists and additional search-by-topic content are also really helpful. Baby’s grandma has even downloaded the app, and together we can enjoy learning anout how baby is developing each week, even though we live in different states. Thank you, The Bump! I thought pregnancy and baby apps would be great companions to learn about pregnancy in bite sized increments. Wow was I wrong. These apps are fine, the information is often vague and highly repetitive. I found much better information in actual books, especially if there is anything remotely challenging about pregnancy for you. These things are like cartoon versions of pregnancy, the real thing requires human connection- don’t use the app to substitute. And definitely talk to your doctor, and not the chat groups- I found the community sections to be avoided at all costs. I finally deleted this app when I read a 4 month old baby milestone summary that in a highly patronizing tone recommended starting to exercise with your baby- as a way to get back to the gym. Thanks for that. Women really deserve better, kinder, more thoughtful content… not whatever this is. This app has improved time and time again, it gives you the most updated information as your pregnancy progresses and offers so much more information through the app. There’s helpful tips and tricks, what to expect each week, the size of your baby and even a 3D model of the baby and a separate one for the mothers body as well. I’ve never had any glitches or errors and have really enjoyed all the extra blog post they’ve added since having my first child, the information within them has helped me every time. 10/10 would highly recommend for anyone having a child or any supporting family members. This app has everything I could ask for and more when it comes to learning how to be a mom. And I’ve only had the app for about a week! One of my favorite features is that you can see approximately how big your baby is each day as well as the baby names! Some other cool stuff I really like is how to stay healthy during pregnancy, questions for your ob/gyn, nursery ideas, and I also love that there’s a bunch of info for after baby comes, how to take care of and dress baby, and then all the stuff for mom too! There’s tips for what kinds of maternity clothes to get, or how to stretch your wardrobe so you don’t even have to go shopping for maternity wear! It’s amazing and I love it!! This app has been extremely helpful be it that this is my bump number 1. Everything from the articles the to the illustrations of the baby in utero to the registry suggestions (ads) are educational and beneficial. I have one very minor critique and one suggestion: sometimes the articles are repeated from trimester to trimester. The information is relevant, but it’s already been read, nothing major. Secondly, this is more major suggestion, if the baby’s skin and skin tone develops in utero it would be stellar to have an option of choosing the baby’s skin tone on the app. The options could be: the color of the baby on the app now, a medium skin tone, a tan skin tone, then a deep skin tone. I believe this would even more personalize the experience for the parent to be using this app, and get THE BUMP that 5 stars!😀 As a first time mom I can honestly say I only made it through my pregnancy through countless hours scrolling Pinterest and this app! The weekly updates on the baby's progress are so helpful and interesting, and the symptoms I was experiencing were spot on. I love that now that my daughter is here I still get weekly updates on her development and there were a lot of helpful articles on my postpartum recovery. I don't really take advantage of all the features of the app, but I look forward to waking up every Wednesday to a new update and I always feel a little extra reassurance as a new mom. Highly recommend, especially for first time moms! If you like learning about pregnancy, motherhood, fatherhood, infants and babies this app is awesome. I had it throughout my whole pregnancy and even now 3 months PP. every week you get to read about what your body and baby are going through and after they are born it still tells you what week they are and what developmental things may be happening. I love that they suggest new articles every day depending on what stage you are in. They are perfect length. Just enough for you to get a quick little info in there but not be scrolling for an hour. You can also search through posted questions or conversations which is cool too! All around great app! Love it. A source of comfort in expecting motherhood. I’ve used it for all my pregnancies including my current third. It’s nice to be reminded that whatever symptom I’m experiencing is normal, and if not what to do about it (odds are, it’s normal). I also really enjoy the postpartum feature: at this stage, baby is like doing *whatever and you may be experience *this postpartum. I recommend it to all my mom friends — ESPECIALLY new moms. The set up/display is not overwhelming. Also: the search function can bring up articles further discussing topics ranging from maternity leave, introducing siblings, peeing when you sneeze, exercise, breastfeeding and more. Honestly, at the beginning of my pregnancy I had 8 apps. Little by little I have been deleting them as some you have to pay and some are to boring, but not this one. I love this app. It has been so easy to use and also gives you daily little tips to help mommies-to-be. Which is great that way I don’t feel so overwhelmed with information, even though it does have a search bar. My favorite part is the 3D of the baby and watching the progress as your baby grows. They just added the 3D of the body, mini little anatomy, so you can see changes in yourself and kind of get an idea as to where your baby is taking over. I’m enjoying the app so far and it’s been 5 months 😁. The community message boards are too confusing and convoluted to bother with but the rest of the app works wonderfully and this is my saying this after having tried three other apps! 

I love the daily and weekly updates. I love the my body + baby 3D rendering. I love the articles. They’re always seemingly suggested to me exactly when I need them. And I love the ads in the articles haha they are actually giving me great ideas on the kinds of products to buy and not buy. It’s how I leaned about the Snoo which I plan to buy as well as some pregnancy skin care products I’ve already bought and use regularly. This is a must have app for first time mama-to-bes. I had absolutely no idea what to expect during pregnancy or how to prepare for our new baby ahead of time. This is such a helpful guide. It also makes an already exciting time even more exciting because it lets you know how baby is developing, size, etc. It helped me understand how my body would change as well which is not something much talked about. After birth, it lets you know week by week development milestones and tips as well. My husband and I loved reading about our growing baby in the womb and now we love reading about our growing baby outside the womb. Such a great app! We love it! I can’t say enough good things about this app! I used it during my entire pregnancy. After delivering a few days ago, I learned that it’s perfect for postpartum too. The articles and info align with where you are in your pregnancy and recovery. Opening the app to find recommended articles targeting the exact questions I have has been a dream. I didn’t use the forums or calendar or anything, but as someone who is constantly asking questions and wanting to do my research, this app was perfect. 

The articles were written pre-Covid, so there are some things that aren’t as helpful as you near the end of your pregnancy, but obviously that’s out of their control. I absolutely love this app! I NEVER write reviews but honestly, the first thing I do after waking up is look at the app to see the ‘daily fact’ and see how big my baby is! I am currently 20 weeks along, as a first time mom and downloaded this app from the moment I saw the positive pregnancy result. This app gives you all kinds of blogs to read, articles to refer to, fun shapes to see how big the baby is but my favorite by far is the daily facts!! 

I already referred this to so many expecting moms and they love it too! Super informative and gives me info that I didn’t know, educates me and then I carry on further into my own research with it. You won’t be disappointed in this app ❤️ In the beginning of my pregnancy I love the app and the daily facts seemed legit. Was a great way to keep up with how big my baby was and what was and wasn't safe to do or use as it's my first pregnancy. But as time went on the sizes theyd give and the daily facts didn't line up with what my doctor said or what I was feeling. I am 30 weeks, my doctor thinks my son is around 16 inches tall and 4 pounds. The app has him being "the size of a magazine" but also the size of an Apricot Squash. The daily facts will compare his hand to an object or his foot to an object that Iv seen his hands and feet measured on ultrasound as decently larger. Im sure they get their information from statistics gathered from OBs but it has left a bad taste in my mouth how off they seem to be more each day. There are so many great tricks & tips for first time parents, in this app!!! I came across tons of articles, checklists, timelines, etc that were so incredibly helpful to me trying to prep for my first baby! I also loved the calendar/planner feature… it shows you which weeks you should have OB appointments, or an ultrasound, or even your glucose test… and you can sync the planner/calendar feature in the app with the calendar on your phone!!! And there are also 3D images of what you & baby look like each week and tells you which parts of the baby are growing/forming at any given time as well! VERY COOL, VERY HELPFUL, and VERY INFORMATIVE APP!!!!! This has been my first baby and I’m still only 33 weeks! Just a few more weeks to go. This app has been my go to since we found out at 5w. It gives great tips and advice. The fruit and veggies are a little weird but fun to share with pictures with family. 

The food safety part I wish had more information as a new mom it would have been nice to have more details as to what you should and shouldn’t eat.

Everything else about the app was wonderful and still is wonderful I use it a few times a day. The tips that are updates daily are great because some of the articles were things I haven’t thought about. Will be keeping this app even after the baby! (Incase there is a #2Baby in our future) This app is very informative and helpful when it comes to info for mama and baby. Not just you but others (including celebrities if you like a lil celebrity 411 lol) from the videos to the paragraphs of information it’s hard to be left out of the loop specially as a real first time mom(I’ve literally helped raise sooooo many kids lol but this is my very first) and body changes whew are craaaazy but this app gives me reassurance that it’s not all in my heads along the way or what and when to ask for help from your ob. I’m first time high risk pregnancy and I’m 22weeks 2days as of this review and I plan to use it till arrival date! 🥰 I’ve been receiving updates from the bump since before my son was born. Overall, the updates were somewhat helpful and welcomed. But, I just received an email saying ‘How to tell if your toddler is smart?!’ One of the main examples of smartness from this article was regarding early speech. My son is speech delayed and I refuse to believe that this means that he is therefore not ‘smart’. Given that the site isn’t inclusive, I wouldn’t recommend it overall. It makes you feel ashamed if your child is struggling with anything. I wish I could send a direct review so they would stop authoring articles that are patently mean. If you don’t want to feel alienated or ashamed for having a child who is challenged in any way, do not use this site. Do better, The Bump. There are many families whose children have challenges that you are disrespecting with your content. Do not recommend. I wanted an app that could guide me through the weeks of pregnancy and provide me a checklist of to-dos since this is my first pregnancy. It does that and doubles as a million pregnancy books in one by providing articles from reputable sources answering all of the questions I was asking PLUS the ones I didn’t know I had.

The absolute bonus and my favorite part of the app is the 3D image of what baby looks like each week - I feel so connected to my baby knowing what’s going on in there!

Name generators, registry builders, weight/bump photo trackers…there is so much in this app that it’s a one-stop shop. All the stars. One of the things that sets this app apart from others is its weekly “to-do” list which I find very helpful for managing what you should be doing while waiting for your little one. However- there is no full list view so you can look at all of them at once and check off things earlier/later than the week they are assigned. Or so that u can see the full picture of what you need to do. The list is only by week with maybe 3 things per a week. So if u miss getting something done that week it just disappears after that and you can’t look back at it without going back in time to that week. They need to fix this so you can see all the to-do lists in one screen in addition to seeing them for just that week. I am pregnant with Twins. Second pregnancy, first time with twins. The app has amazing stories that I probably wouldn’t have seen if not for this app. It helps teach new moms a lot of things as well as more experienced moms. The only thing I wish was different, I’m having twins so I’d like the app to show that. Instead it keeps it as one baby. I’d like to see what happens to my body with two babies inside, watching the top of the screen showing my babies are as big as limes but what would it be with both of them in there. Already a watermelon? That’s the ONLY thing I would change. If that makes any sense. Thanks ❤️ I downloaded a few apps during my pregnancy but this was my go to. I appreciated the week by week pregnancy progress with details about me, my body & emotions as well as the baby. This app doesn’t apply judgment or strong opinions of what you should and shouldn’t do during pregnancy which was important to me. Also has lots of helpful articles and gives weekly to-do’s before the baby comes which helped not feel overwhelmed with everything. The Baby Names experience I used but could use some better UX. Overall, highly recommend for pregnancy! The only reason it’s not a 5/5 is because it doesn’t have a feature that included tracking fetal movements, contractions as well as baby growth records such as feeding, diapering etc….  Otherwise, I love this app. The articles are soo relevant and on cue with how I’m feeling. The planner was amazing during pregnancy. I wish there was a planner for postpartum/baby’s first year. It was so helpful to know what I should be asking at each of my prenatal appointments. I also loved the birth plan template. I used it to ask my OB all the questions. I downloaded a few other apps to supplement, but I mainly used this one. Easy to use and helped make pregnancy not too overwhelming. I also loved the baby/body simulation. I’ve been using The Bump since my first trimester and really appreciated the articles and weekly updates it provides. However, after Chrissy Tiegen and John Legend have both been exposed as pedophiles (particularly Tiegen, who spoke openly on Twitter about wanting to have sex with children and then deleted her tweets), The Bump had at least two top articles on my feed with this couple as premier faces. The last thing I want to see when I go into an app to update me on my child’s progress, are the faces of pedophiles. Call me crazy or a “Karen”, but I think it’s no coincidence that they would put up the same couple on two separate articles right at the top of the feed. Especially after their recent exposure. I will be deleting the app. So disappointed in you guys for your insensitivity to innocent children and to families who have been victims of this sickness. Especially when these are your consumers. The articles and information in this app are great. The message boards or “community” feature is just sad. 

Main complaint: the people on there are horrible! Many of them abuse new users and yet remain in the community, even after being reported. There needs to be way more regulation on these boards. People in the world are already horrible - I don’t need more of that after having a miscarriage. Because of this, I will not be using the Bump for the community feature. I will probably just delete the app because it brings up negative emotions now.

Second complaint: the functionality of the community feature in the app isn’t easy to navigate. I can’t tell which posts I’ve started or commented on. It’s also very slow and the back button only works when you tap it firmly. I used the app to track my pregnancy and I loved it. The daily reads, and facts. I continued to use the app for my newborn to track diapers and times I breastfed… I liked it at first because it put the time stamp, the amount of time the baby fed for, and how much time has passed since. I used it for 3 days. In those three days the app has deleted data for 2 days, even the current day.. and only keeping older data.. when I went back to the app to check on the trackers it says something along the lines of “14hrs and 36 mins ago” for breastfeeding.. and I know it has not been that long since I last fed baby.. it’s no longer useful and is not helping keep track of when I breastfed, pump, or diaper changes. My husband and I are looking for another app. I got this app immediately after finding out I was pregnant, and I excitedly check it every morning to find out how big my little peanut is. I do love it, it’s got weekly updates about changes to your body, and baby, and the 3D layout of those is super neat. I also really love the EDD countdown, and that you can store your upcoming appointments in it. A few things and I would love to see is the ability to favorite articles, and save them to go back and read later, and not just share them. Also, maybe a way to get articles sent or you that match your situation. Like if you’re having multiples, or suffering from extreme morning sickness etc. Anyways, it’s a great app. Plan to use it til I pop 🤰🏻 I chose this app on a whim when I found out I was pregnant with my first child, and after 40 weeks of using it, believe it is the best! I love the daily article suggestions that they provide based on your stage of pregnancy. Most are short and sweet and easy to digest, and always informative. The weekly updates with comparisons to a fruit/vegetable are so exciting to see (love the graphics and colors!), and they do a wonderful job of fully explaining that week’s development. It’s not too much information, but enough that you feel like you know what’s going on. Would highly recommend over and over again. The Bump is a great app especially if you’re pregnant for the first time not knowing what to expect. It has helped me in many ways from my 1st trimester worries to 2nd trimester medical questions and concerns. It’s amazing that I can track my baby bump growth from week to week. It also has the baby registry option which in my opinion is amazing and very easy to use. I’d highly recommend this for every pregnant women out there but mostly for first time moms. It eased a lot of my worries. It’s very exciting reading all the daily & weekly reads. I do have a few pregnancy apps and this one is one of my favorites!!!! ❤️❤️❤️🤰❤️❤️❤️ I absolutely love this baby app. I’ve look at a lot of different ones that ranged from just creepy to useless. This app not only gives you a cute picture of the size of your baby by using fruits and vegetables to compare to but also 3D pictures of your of what you are and you bevy look like. They also provide stories as well as other information you need to get through your pregnancy and Beyond. You can sign up for baby registry, coupons, and even sweepstakes. I just love it and I share pictures and information with my significant other. Love it, love it, love it!! I love this app. It’s very informative and has lots of resources for a worry wort mom like me. I do wish it had a few more features to better narrow down on articles and information you may need to know. For example if you know your baby will have to be delivered C-section it gives that option. There other things that could be specified to help narrow down information for you specific pregnancy but that is mine. Other than that this app gives me peace of mind when I’m pregnant. I’ve used it for all 3 of my pregnancy’s and will continue to do so if ever needed again!!!! I used this app religiously every day all throughout my pregnancy and now I am using it even after my baby is 12 weeks old! The baby tracking information is sooo helpful week by week. It tells you what to expect and prepares you for what’s to come. There are new articles to read every day and so much helpful information to go over. I seriously cannot have done without this. I had multiple apps and The Bump stood out for the relevancy of the information and just the variety of topics they covered. I would have something new to read and learn on a daily basis. Super helpful for all pregnant women and moms! A must download! I downloaded this app around 2 months. And I’ve been loving it ever since. It updated on baby’s development and growth, as well as provides great articles on how to help you navigate and prepare for the baby. Each month gives you new articles to read, tips, advice. You don’t have to do the research on Google when this app gives you great and reliable information. It provides many links to other info if you desire to learn more. I feel more prepared after using this useful app.

Thankful I found it and would HIGHLY recommend it! The monthly information is very repetitive. It reads so predictably after a while that it’s just not exciting anymore. 
The daily size comparisons are a complete joke. They’re seriously so bad!! Not only that, they use objects that vary in size.... hampster, melon, envelope, “troll doll without the hair”... wth??? I don’t have any troll dolls. I am 35 years old. And when I did have them, there were tiny ones, keychain ones, big giant ones... so which one are we talking about? And one day they’ll use an object that is actually smaller than the object they used in the prior day’s example. They need to give up trying to have size comparisons for each day. Just stick to the monthly ones. 
The articles are short and mostly nothing new or informative. They give questionable advice about drinking while nursing too. 

Overall this has been the least helpful app I’ve had. This app is helpful, fun, and generally easy to use. I really enjoy it. The one main function it’s missing is a back button! Without it the navigation becomes very clunky. 

Example: The baby name lists are so fun and helpful, until you click into a name to see the meaning. It takes you to a new page with no way to get back to the list! You have to start all over again. And you can’t even click on the baby names icon to take you back to the landing page for that section. You have to navigate to a completely different section of the app, like registry or home, and then go into baby names from the beginning. It’s annoying. Please, just let me hit back. I love the weekly updates on baby, being able to see baby’s growth in 3D and how my body is changing in 3D. This app has so much amazing information each week on the development of my little one. 

I also love that there are new articles to read everyday on topics from maternity clothes, common medical questions, nursery decorating, what foods or meals to try, and more! Offering a few articles a day makes it easy to take in all the information around bringing a baby into this world.

Each day comes with a new fact on baby too! Usually about size in relation to objects. The other day baby was the size of a tennis ball! Super cool to think about:)
 
There is also a fun section that you can watch mini videos. This is my only complaint. You don’t get to choose which video to watch, there’s no way to scroll through them. You just get whatever the app decided to load that day and you have to watch them in order, adds and all. I used this app with my first, who is now 2, and it was really helpful. I didn’t know anything or what to expect but the break down of what to expect week by week was amazing. They illustration of baby in the womb are great to help you understand what is going on with the baby.  Now they have added another feature showing the mother’s body. I wish they had an option to add pics like they did with my first, but it’s always cool to be able to go back to those memories as well. I really don’t have any complaints, hopefully they continue to make it better, but also not take away what we already had. I LOVE that it will show baby’s size in relation to fruit, and has a “Daily Fact” about baby’s size as well. It has a countdown feature to how long until you meet baby, and you can edit the”name” of baby to give cute nicknames or when you find out the gender, baby’s real name!  It also shows what is going on developmentally each week, how baby is growing and how your body is changing, and has helpful articles related to your different stages of pregnancy and what might be going on at the time.  I love the app, this is my 2nd pregnancy and 2nd time using it, and I couldn’t imagine using any other app.  It’s my favorite! I’ve used this my entire pregnancy! It has great, relevant articles that touched on things I was hearing about fads on social media and helped me make decisions for my birth plan. The weekly size comparison was helpful and cute to send to family members! We laughed about the daily facts and how random they were :) the week to week baby development was really cool and 3D and so was the update on how my body was changing. My husband and I would look at it together and it helped for him to be able to remind me that it was normal if I had a symptom pop up or worsen rather than me wondering and/or worrying. As a new Mama, I absolutely loved the Bump App through my pregnancy and now postpartum. I love how each week there is a short read on what changes to expect with myself and baby. The info ranges from what’s happening now to what to expect soon. There is also a calendar checklist as a reminder of task that need to be completed and a list of a few relevant articles to read for the week. If you get the emails you’ll get daily emails with additional articles. I love how the information I would read was always relevant or would happen soon after I’d read about it. Times change and babies are always growing and changing. Curve ball after curve ball just when you think you’ve got them figured out. The app keeps you on track with great information. From weird poops and cautions to teething and cold remedies. Breaking myths/ old wives tales. I’ve been using this app for going on 3 years. I track both my kids. I’ve also sent my husband certain articles to help understand what we are going through or what our child is going through is completely normal. I recommend this app to everyone. I had downloaded a bunch of apps but found there were some anxiety producing topics too close to my fingertips. The Bump is terrific for the anxiety prone momma. You can log on and look at the bare minimum (how far along, what fruit or veg the baby size is) then you can choose to look more in depth or log off. I skip the videos usually but do use the 3D illustrations of body and baby to inform what’s happening. I also like the weekly checklist and what to ask doctor suggestions. Highly recommend deleting all your others and just doing this one. I love this app. All the info you could ask for. No need to pay extra 🙄 for information. Keeps track of everything. The 3d baby and body with info is awesome. My go to when I feel something weird is up with my body. Lots of articles even help with names. I could go on. I don’t have anything bad to say honestly. I have used many others that require payment for basic info. Most you can look up so I don’t want to pay, in this app it’s all in one place and not extra. I feel a lot more confident about my pregnancy journey. I like the Bump because you are not overloaded with pregnancy articles. The articles that you see are to the point, quick & easy to read. The articles are also thing that interest me (what to register for, info on first trimester screening, etc.) I love that the app gives you a daily fact. In the early stages of pregnancy, it’s especially fun to see what you can connect your growing peanut to. Lastly, I have found the forums to be helpful. They are written by other people going through the same stages you are. You can choose to respond or simply read through some of the conversations. I loved this app as a first-time mom in 2018. It really helped me know what I did and didn’t need to worry about and especially helped me stay on track with necessary to-dos. Now I’m due with my second and I’m finding that many of the daily articles are just not relevant anymore as they were written pre-pandemic and are so out of touch to the point they annoy me. “How to plan a sip-and-see”? I wish! How about “what we know about the Covid-19 vaccine” or “how to maintain boundaries with friends and family during a global pandemic.” Also, the app knows I’m a second-time mom but there is not much there for us. It’s a fine app and again, great for first-time moms, but it could better and smarter. The daily fact and articles are excellent. I have a few pregnancy apps and this is my go-to favorite. I check it every morning before I get out of bed and it’s like a daily treat! I love the weekly 3D diagrams and it’s great that you can move them around. The Real Answers section is so so so helpful because it’s great to hear answers to my questions from real ladies going through the same thing. It really helps me feel less alone through this life changing experience. I’m actually going to be sad when I no longer need the app. I can’t say enough about how helpful and enjoyable this app is! This app is very basic, easy to use. I love the countdown in weeks and days. It tells exactly what to expect in whichever month of pregnancy you are. And also tells you the size of your baby with different vegetables, or whatever you pick. Every now then they bring topics that are relevant to the month of pregnancy you are on. And I find this to be helpful coz I actual was going through some of the symptoms. It will also let you know what topics you should discuss with your OB and most importantly to me I just loved, the animi-nation of the baby and when you click on it tells exactly the growth concentration. I have been using this app since day one , I am 34 wks now and i love it. As a first time mom, this app and namely the social support component has been so soothing to my anxieties. It’s easy to feel isolated when no one lives close by or is going through the same thing, so having a whole network of people in the same boat to listen and offer advice or sympathy has been amazing. The articles are sometimes very helpful, sometimes not. The fact of the day gets to be a little bit of a joke (the “size” shrinks and grows daily in ways that don’t make sense), but the things that are great make the app a must for me. I love this app. I’m pregnant with my second child and used this app for my first pregnancy, also. The only thing I don’t like or am confused on is when it tells me how big my baby is each week. One week it will be like a coconut and the next week a lemon…a coconut is bigger than a lemon but other than that, I love it. It shows the development of mom and baby, has reminders, tips, and gives you an idea of what you’re in for with each week your little one grows! I suggest this app to anyone expecting! The little fun facts change everyday and gives you something to look forward to! ❤️ I never thought I was going to be able to have kids and when I got a positive test back in October of 2021, I really didn't know much about babies and pregnancy. This app has been so helpful. Not only did it update me on the size of my baby, it told me how it should be developing, & it had really helpful articles about what to expect. After I had my baby on the 10th of this month it switched and now tells me what to expect with a newborn. It tells me how far she can see, it tells me around how much she should be eating, it helps so much. Edit: used for my 2nd pregnancy & even advised my sister to use it as well & we both love it! Even after giving birth we still get helpful articles & tidbits on what to expect. I love the updates the creators have made! 
Original: I was extremely nervous because this is my first pregnancy & I had so many questions I didn't know when the right time to ask them would be but this app helps me greatly. Of course you still need to seek the advice of your doctor first but this helps in a bunch of different areas. I like all the content that comes with having this app. It’s so cool to see how baby is growing week by week and there is curated content based on where you are in your pregnancy which is so cool and helpful. These new articles pop up everyday and help answer question you may have especially being a first time mom and not knowing what to expect. You can also search through there library of articles at any time which I have found helpful. All in great app and will definitely use again in the future for next babies. I like this App and I like the information it gives each week that lets you know how the baby is developing. The information is sometimes not great. For example it has been telling me since like week 21 that I should feel the baby kicking. I’m week 24 and feel nothing. I told my OB/GYN this a couple of days ago and she said it is early to feel that. Also, there are inconsistencies with the fruit sizes. On week 22 it told me the baby was the size of a coconut. The next week it said the baby was the size of a grapefruit, and this week it says the baby is the size of a cantaloupe. I still like the App but I wonder about the validity of information it is relaying with these other issues happening. I really like this app for a number of reasons. One, the tone is not patronizing. The information is helpful and realistic without being cutesy the way some other apps are. Also, it was spot on with my pregnancy symptoms as time went on. Every time a new and weird thing started happening to me, the app anticipated it and provided some info about the causes and possible treatments. There’s some inevitable advertising here, but again, less than on some other apps, which seem designed just to get you to buy stuff. Highly recommend! I love love love this app! Can I add another LOVE? 

Well I started with the app called The glow I think which I was using to find out when I was fertile so hubby and I can try and successfully make a baby. To our surprise it worked fantastically well! Then the app recognized I was pregnant and asked me to download the Bump. 

Oh my it has been the best app on my phone, a wonderful countdown and comparison of when I was pregnant and so much wonderful and accurate information. I would go to my prenatal visits and know what the doctor was going to say thanks to The Bump. Funny thing is even after post partum the app is so useful! I already recommended it to three of my friends who are expecting moms! I’m sure they are going to love it!!!

The best thing too I get to send things to my hubby so he can be on the same page with me! 

I totally recommend this app for an expecting mom and mommies !

Thanks THE BUMP for being a part of this journey with me and my new baby girl! 💕🥰♥️ The Bump’s articles seem to be written by people who have unhealthy relationships with their own bodies. I have been working hard to love my body, whatever it looks like, and to move towards intuitive eating. However, many of the articles on The Bump push you to ignore your cravings and make a “healthier” option. From what I’ve learned, restricting will only intensify cravings, and food should not be categorized as “good” or “bad.” One article on weight gain made a comment about milkshakes as though they were the ultimate sin. It’s sad to see a place that should be helping women support one another in loving their bodies instead perpetuates body stigmas and fat phobias. I will be deleting the app and replacing it with a more accepting one. The content in this app is helpful, but there’s clearly no one monitoring the functionality or experience. For example - at least a few times a month, I click on an article that The Bump suggested to me, only for it to land in an error page. Or it’ll be a link to a third party site that just goes to a general homepage and not the specific article highlighted. It’s just sloppy. It’s also BONKERS to me that no content has been edited to account for the coronavirus pandemic. It’s upsetting to moms-to-be to get articles about planning for baby showers or working with doulas when those things have ceased to be an option in the tradition sense. This could be such a better resource if someone was paying attention to it. This app has been so fun and knowledgeable to use! Especially for my first pregnancy, not knowing what to expect and what to do next. It has guided me through appointments I need to make, questions I should be asking, along with allowing me to feel more confident with what is happening inside and outside of my body! And not to mention the 3D baby view is just the cherry on top! How amazing is it to see week by week he new features and characteristics your baby is developing! Definitely recommend getting this app. The one thing I wish to had was a place to take notes, and document. Just a bit of fun to keep up with baby’s growth.  Sometimes it has good articles or interesting reads for when you’re up at 2am with nothing to do yet.  The daily fact sometimes seems to be all over the place as far as comparisons to tangible items, but I think that’s probably any app you get.  They recently updated the baby name section with a search option straight from the section instead of having to jump around to find it, which I appreciate.  Have used this app with both pregnancies and enjoyed it! I’m recently pregnant and downloaded this all right as I got the first positive test. I had a great experience using the Knot for our wedding 2 years ago. Even through all the covid craziness the Knot was so helpful with finding vendors and I especially liked the wedding checklist and registry. It was a no brainer when I found out they had a sister app for expecting parents. I really love the articles (similar to the Knot) as I’m an avid reader and fact finder. The weekly checklist are so helpful for a first time mom as I begin to navigate this pregnancy and motherhood journey! I felt like I needed an app to keep track of how many weeks I was. After I downloaded it, not only did it keep me on track, but it kept me informed on baby & my own symptoms week by week. It also has very interesting in-app articles. It sends me 1-2 emails per week, but it doesn't annoy me. 1 email is always just a reminder that you're another week along, and the other email comes randomly either once a week or maybe it's even less, about different articles that are available. I recommend it. I love the bump because unlike other apps that give you a new size comparison update every week, the bump gives you one every day! It makes the pregnancy more fun and keeps you going day by day with something positive to focus on. I also love that it includes a section about celebrities that are pregnant in the news so there’s often a new article every day about another celebrity who is also on this journey. This feels like a more laid back, fun pregnancy tracking app that helps you remain positive day by day ☺️ i love watching my baby grow with this app and being able to learn every week what is developing with baby, and also learning about whats going on with my body as well. The Bump also offers plenty of useful tips and information that is crucial during pregnancy, and every day there are new articles that are so helpful! Only thing i wish it had was an option for if you are expecting twins, which i am! Because it would be awesome to see everyday what the look like inside my belly. Guess i will have to wait for the next ultrasound! I still love the app though!❤️💕 This app is more than I ever expected. It keeps me up to date on the week to week progress of the baby. It gives me symptoms that I should expect for each week, and it gives me warning signs that I need to follow up with my doctor for.  They have a checklist each week to follow to keep up with baby gear, OBGYN apts, dietary restrictions, etc. This app feels like I have a doctor to ask all my questions to at my fingertips. The articles are typically written by M.D.s, and they have a wonderful community of mothers willing to help anyone. RECOMMEND TO EVERY EXPECTING MOM, WHETHER IT’S THE FIRST OR EIGTH TIME! There are apps I prefer for their articles and community (BabyCenter, what to expect...) but The Bump app is my favorite for weekly updates. I love getting the notification and cute illustration of what fruit or veg my baby is the size of this week, the overview of his development and what my body is up to and the 3D illustration as well. 

I also really appreciate the to-do lists and planner where I can add midwife and ultrasound appointments as well as get info on upcoming tests.

This one wins on design, but I still recommend getting multiple pregnancy apps if you are a mom to be. They all have something slightly different to offer. I downloaded The Bump app when I found out I was pregnant and let me tell you, it has been such a wonderful companion throughout my pregnancy! 

I am currently 37 weeks and have been using the app almost daily. In addition to the helpful articles and evidence based advice, I love the ability to add progress pictures, how I’m feeling and also the weight tracker and kick counter. 

It has been spot on every step of the way with the symptoms and how I might be feeling every week and trimester, making it super useful to get tips on improving or working through what you’re dealing with at the moment—so you never feel blindsided or like you’re the only one experiencing that. 

Lastly, I haven’t used the contraction counter but will soon be using that feature! How exciting! 

I recommend this to anyone who wants to feel assured and informed during their pregnancy journey. First off, this app is user friendly. Has a fun interface, and is bright and friendly.
 HOWEVER, I could not get over the very negative language used to describe pregnancy. Often feels like I’m being put down or should be ashamed of my pregnancy symptoms and body changes. And honestly, it’s only because of how they word things. Using words like “embarrassing” to describe stretch marks for example, and other negative tones, just didn’t sit well with me, and the same negative wording is constantly used week to week. I don’t need an app to tell me I should be embarrassed of something that is natural, and can’t be controlled. Pregnancy is hard enough! 
Anyways, I’ve found Pregnancy Center and particularly Ovia to be just as great to use and MUCH more positive!! I have been using this app since finding out I was pregnant and love the daily articles and helpful tips. Each day I looked forward to my daily fact which tells you what size your baby is that day. One day it stopped showing the daily fact and I was bummed! I sent a quick email tod is toner service to see if there was a setting I had somehow changed and replied back so quickly and suggested I update or reinstall the app. That did the trick! Their service was excellent and helped bring me back a little joy in my day. Thanks Bump! I’ve used what to expect, bump and Ovia and In my opinion the Bump app is my favorite pregnancy tracker! -I actually want to ready the articles -daily fact- on your babies size -seems to be •more accurate• on the fruit sizing - weekly to do list- to keep you on track and thinking about things you need to do before baby comes! - view baby in 3D -articles on the years top baby products with explanations and links to buy them! These are just a few of my favorite features! This was my app of choice that helped me through my pregnancy! The reason why I gave it four stars? Although there were articles everyday to read, sometimes it felt as though the app was more interested in quantity of content vs. quality of the message. I eventually stopped reading the articles, but found the rest of the app's features extremely helpful - particularly the baby's weekly development information.

Looking forward to the future of this app and the updates to come! If we have another child, I will once again start with this app! Thank you. The daily articles and images are really helpful! The most fun we have, though, is looking up the daily facts/ weekly veggie size. Sometimes the veggies get smaller which is confusing. The only improvement might be to differentiate the daily facts more - there has been a 2-3 month stretch where every day’s fact is about the length, hand or foot size. I want to know about organs developing and other information besides that. Aside from this, we love the app and features like saving articles and provisions of checklists. I have loved everything about this app; from the updates on the size of our little girl, to the variety of topics covered in every article, and the ability to save articles to reference again later! I find myself opening this app almost every single day to see what new piece of information I can gather. I also have consistently preferred this app over the others I downloaded to cross reference (What To Expect & BabyCenter). I would definitely recommend The Bump to anyone expecting! As a first time mom I downloaded every pregnancy app I could get my hands on. I’m now 40wks and have had “The Bump” downloaded on my phone since the first week I found out I was pregnant. 
The Bump by far has given me the most information and help out of any other app! Ive enjoyed all the daily articles and updates or how big my baby was getting! 
Super user friendly and without a doubt my favorite app to use during pregnancy. I can’t wait to see what it offers once our baby arrives! i absolutely LOVE this app! i love learning how my baby is growing and seeing all the tips they give that really do help along the way. the only thing i would like to see change is for there to be an option of being "SINGLE"  or "with PARTNER" . alot of the time their Tips/Suggestions on pregnancy bring up the partner and how they should/could be helping . coming from someone who is going through this pregnancy ALONE , seeing/reading things that the partner could be helping with isnt the kind of reminders i need . i would love for their to be tips on how to get through all of the pregnancy things on your own .. I have used this app specifically to keep track of my weeks and days in my twin pregnancy. However, it doesn’t really support twin pregnancies as much as I would like it too. It mostly talks about Singleton pregnancies as do most pregnancy apps and I have yet to find one that’s specific for twins, so that would be a very good addition. I love the videos and everything that they say is right on point with everything that I’m feeling during my pregnancy, it’s just lacking information that is specific to twins. So that would be a great addition to the app. I used many apps all along pregnancy by this one was by far the best; relevant articles everyday, well written and timed (typically introduced something shortly before I started experiencing it so I knew better what was happening to me). Also converted seamlessly into baby app post partum rather than having a different app, and similarly helpful. If you use an app, this one is the best out there.
Note I never used the “tools” like contraction timer or other so can’t comment on these, but I actually never needed them. This pregnancy app was pretty good. I used it with my first pregnancy. I enjoyed receiving notifications each time my baby turned a week older. It was definitely educational. The major setback of this application were the members apart of the community or the birth club. It was like a mafia structure. If you want to read about bickering and snapping mothers/mothers to be then this is the app for you. I thought that there would be uplifting and support on the chats but for the most part there were one or two that kind of seem to run the entire chat and they would post images with eyes rolling or just being plain rude to others. Seemingly they have nothing better to do. So with my second pregnancy- I’m not on there. Trying out babycenter. After finding out that I was pregnant, I immediately started searching for information to help me and my husband navigate this big change. I came across the Bump and downloaded it right away. It has such fantastic content from accredited doctors and scientists as well as spaces for real people/parents/mothers to chat to each other. And it’s 100% free and accessible to everyone! I can certainly say that I will be using this app every day throughout my pregnancy journey. Every time we’re expecting again, I re-download this app. Great for getting overview & details for week-by-week growth with baby. Also helpful checklist timeline when I didn’t know what I needed to prepare/get done with the first baby. I always use their registry tool to have a central customized link that others can view multiple store registries from one location. This time I’ve also been using their baby name resource that’s been fun. Always my top recommendation for every pregnant mother. This is my first baby and this app has really helped me out. Im always freaking out about what is and isn't normal and whats going to happen to my body, and having this app has reassured me, giving A LOT of information. I love that you can look up questions and get shown answers from experts and other moms. I also love that it tracks your baby’s growth week by week and shows you new symptoms you may experience which again has helped me a lot because I'm always so worried 😅 Thank you for this app! I absolutely loved this app since i got pregnant with my first son in 2017. It answered most of my questions without making me feel concerned like other apps I tried. I love the week to week belly photos and week to week baby photos. However, I wish there was an option to create a new album for new pregnancies so the photos wouldn’t get all confused.
I also hope there was an option to mark down the baby’s gender and a way to tell the app if you’re a single parent so all the articles about “your partner being a good dad” wouldn’t keep popping up. I hate the new update as it made the weekly development literature so much more boring and doctor-like This app is great with one thing I would like changed. When I signed up, it asked me if I was expecting or if someone I love was expecting (and some other choices). Since my daughter is expecting, I chose “someone I love is expecting”. But when the app provides the daily updates, it tells me how big MY baby is and MY countdown. My daughter and I have fun talking to each other about how big the baby is, etc. so I really like getting the alerts.  I just wish on mine it would say something like the baby you are watching is... or if given a field today the relationship, your grandbaby is... The weekly “What to Expect” pieces are fun, as is some of the information that comes daily, especially in the first trimester. But most of what information came in the daily reads was not helpful, was obvious (if you read any pregnancy books or have spent time around pregnant women), and often, it promoted fear (if you don’t fit what they say, I can understand how some women could easily get anxious). I also genuinely don’t know how one week my fetus was the size of an acorn squash and the next was a zucchini. What vegetables are they looking at? I’d love to know how they calculate or get the information for some things, but also would love it if I could cater what information came daily. I absolutely love this app and look forward to my daily updates. My favorite feature is the ‘Baby in 3D’ and ‘My Body in 3D’. I think it is the coolest thing and makes everything feel so real! My mom and family even downloaded the app to track my baby’s growth along with me. 

 The only change I would make is a weight tracker tool. I have to keep another app on my phone just for this purpose and I’d much rather have everything in one place. Nonetheless, I would still highly recommend this app to anyone! Loved during my pregnancy and was my 100% go to app! Amazing find! The only thing I wish was changed was that it has a harder time tracking my son’s weeks now that he’s born based off of his birthdate. He’s starting his 3 week mark, but it still says 2.. so I have to manually scroll over by a week to get an accurate depiction. Moving it one day to the left provides accurate info, but his actual birth date gives the wrong week for some reason. Oh well. Overall? I still love the app and will continue to use it for quite some time! 😊 I love the daily fun facts, all the articles to read always seem to be something I’m wondering about and the articles are available at just the right times! My kids and I look forward to the 3d models of baby that let you spin baby around and read all that’s developing for the week! I like that I can show them a 3d model of the mom to show how baby fits inside! This app also has a nice ‘share’ option so I’m able to keep my parents up to date easily each week. This is my 2nd pregnancy and I downloaded several apps. Of all the pregnancy trackers, I look at this one the most. I like to see the fun facts and size comparisons each day. I send email updates to my closest family and friends and they think they are funny/cute. It is amazing how much we know these days about the baby’s development and how clear the ultrasounds are. We went through an slightly unsettling time (which has since resolved itself) and the search/chat forum was comforting. I would recommend this app to any expectant mother! I look forward to reading my update every week and seeing how my baby has grown! Great information and fun produce size comparisons. My only feedback is that since I am a plus size woman, some of the parameters have not really applied to me (such as average weight gain- when it says you probably gained about 15 pounds by now I gained zero and doctors don't really want plus size women to gain more than 15 pounds the whole pregnancy!), so some of the info could be more inclusive or have a side note when applicable. Thanks! They use scientific research and quotes from doctors in daily articles that pertain to where you are in your pregnancy. The information is informative and fun to read. The weekly ‘your body’ and ‘baby’s growth’ sections are incredible and so helpful. All of the information makes me feel like so am not alone and am going through what millions of moms before have been through. It is absolutely amazing what the female body is capable of and The Bump provides all of the awesome details to follow along as your pregnancy progresses. We text info, articles, items on sale, etc. back & forth. We send my son & my husband the highlights like “Your Baby is as big as a pomegranate today”, and “tall as a Hershey Bar today”. It’s fun to get the little daily changes on the baby’s growth.
“Your baby’s foot is the size of a gummy bear today”. And you can find out almost everything you need to know about the mommy, the baby, families, etc. and the “Top Rated” items you’ll need & what to put on your registry; and so much more. I love reading the daily facts and the weekly updates of what’s going on with my body and with baby. I feel like I don’t need a book. I like the articles on top trimester questions and there were so many things I didn’t even know to ask but when I see the question, I’m like “oh...is that a thing? Let me read up on this.” I’m pregnant with my first child and I can see myself using this again for future kiddoes. Been using this since day 1 (week 4) of finding out I was pregnant thanks to a friend’s recommendation and am so thankful. Absolutely love this app! Daily articles relating to your pregnancy week by week. Helpful todos to keep you on track and feeling productive and worry free. Healthy foods, baby names, and symptom relief articles and tips. Counts your pregnancy week by week and has a super awesome 3D view of how the baby is growing in your belly. Definitely the cutest app out there while being very informative. Forum section to ask questions and get answers from other moms. Also offers promotions for baby things and mommy needs throughout your pregnancy! LOVE THIS APP! This app shows weekly updates on expected weight, length, common pregnancy issues, and checklists for the doctor and yourself, including a 3D interactive graphic of the baby and of mom with the baby. 
There are also 2-4 daily articles about common pregnancy issues and interests and lists of baby names to look at.
One thing I’d change: I wish there were a catalogue of these articles and that they could be tailored to you. Some days I’ll get 3 articles I really don’t care about because they’re about issues I haven’t had or things I’m not interested in. I downloaded several apps during pregnancy and this was the only one I kept. I love the size comparisons and the articles that go along with where I was in pregnancy. More than once I'd read an article about something and within days I would experience something similar. 
Even after pregnancy, it was awesome. I'm still losing hair like crazy, and had no idea I would, until I read it here. Had I not read about it first, I would be freaking out! (Because "Holy Hairloss, Batman!") 
I'll use this app for every future pregnancy. Hands-down the best pregnancy app. Not only is it full of great information on the daily while you’re pregnant but it’s an app that you can continue to use once you have your baby! I had no idea. Once you have your baby you enter your delivery date and you will continue to get great information on a daily basis week to week as your baby progresses and gets older with information to help you with everything you need to know! I love The Bump 💓 I downloaded a bunch of apps when I found out I was pregnant with my first baby boy... yet this is the only one I ever ended up using and still to this day and my baby is 5 weeks old! It's amazing, I love how it showed me how big my baby boy was each week, and also gave me spot on advice about things I was actually going through. They also post new articles all the time that are so helpful. Now even to this day it gives me info on my newborn and what he should be doing each week. It's awesome 10/10! The Bump is a nice app, but so many of the ‘medical’ articles are just really NOT up to date with the most current science-based evidence, and reallllly push hospital births with epidurals. Also, if you have had more than one kid, the app is not super relevant. It’s really geared more towards first time moms who are birthing in a hospital with an epidural. I highly recommend Evidence Based Birth for seeking the most modern, *science-based* information about the birth process and birthing choices for moms. The Bump is a fun place to collect your weekly photos, read celebrity pregnancy gossip, and stuff like that. It’s like Seventeen Magazine for pregnancy! 😄 Loved your app and magazine before you decided to use your product that is supposed to be about pregnancy and babies for posting articles with your writers take on the political and civil unrest going on in our country. Stay in your lane! Is this app about parenting or protests? Cause I’m confused. As a new parent I’m using your product to learn how to better care for my newborn. Not read news about what’s going on in the world. That’s the last thing I wanna see when I’m trying to learn how to get my kid to sleep. No matter how you wanna spin it, what’s going on in the US right now has nothing to do with the digital parenting product you offer. Again stay in your lane and leave the news reporting and commentary to CNN or whoever is supposed to do the news. I’ve been beyond nervous because this is my first pregnancy. I live on the other side of the country than my family so I couldn’t constantly ask my mom questions or for any sort of help. This app has been so helpful in explaining things to me, how baby is, what is going on with me, and suggestions/articles with the research based on other moms! It’s given me a lot more confidence and I know I would not be able to handle this pregnancy as well as I have without it. I’ve used this app since 2017 with 5 pregnancies. It’s been amazing and I always recommend it for people expecting singleton pregnancies. One problem I have, and the ONLY ONE is it has no option to hear facts about multiples during a pregnancy. My last and 5th pregnancy I’m carrying twins and I would enjoy some twin facts or visuals. I didn’t deduct a star for this problem, as it’s served me amazing for 4 previous pregnancies. Just a recommendation for other mamas expecting more than one baby ! The countdown feature is informative and has fun tidbits about baby. The daily articles are a great source of information, especially if you don’t like reading books. The checklists are very helpful when your planning showers, hospital bag, and preparing for doctors appointments. Once baby arrives, the articles and tracking feature are great to use during feeding times if your breastfeeding because you have so much idle time - it helps you stay awake and use your time wisely while baby is feeding. I found the Bump to be helpful-ish, but not enjoyable throughout my pregnancy.  It’s fun to get to learn about how the baby is developing, but the “voice” of the Bump articles has always been bothersome to me.  It falls into that grating category of “pregnancy and motherhood is awful and you’re gonna have to deal with endless amounts of horror, but at least it doesn’t last forever?”  There’s little true encouragement or positivity on the app which I found emotionally draining.  It’s also heavily biased toward “conventional” or hospital births, with a few obligatory nods on rare occasion to those who would prefer a drug-free birth, or an out of hospital birth. Overall, I can’t say I’m impressed. The content is good though honestly not any better than other competing pregnancy apps. I mostly use this app for the community forums. And omg frustrating!!!

Sometimes it takes like a solid 2 minutes to open a new discussion within a group. Not exaggerating. Sometimes I just give up. 
It’s not easy to navigate. I often find myself pressing the back button to get to the main page. But the app isn’t smart enough to remember you already logged in. You can back out of having logged in. So sometimes I’ll log in like 6 times in a matter of 10 minutes cuz I pressed the back button. 

Figure it out people! Web developer students could help you fix these simple issues. Ive been on this app for a few months now and have seen no improvements of any kind. 

Also. Why do you ask what month someone is due. And then have them scrolling from the top at January 2012? Are there people with 7 year old reminiscing about birth? I do really love this app. Not only does it give you information that is helpful, it lets you know that not everything it’s telling you is going to be the case. I love the daily facts of how big your baby’s getting. I’ve now made that into a game with my husband so that he’s involved in the pregnancy as well. I also love the list of possible symptoms and what is developing on baby. The 3D picture of baby and me are also perfect for getting a better idea of what your baby actually looks like instead of trying to imagine. I’ve loved having this app throughout this pregnancy and now into my postpartum weeks! It does such a great job of anticipating the questions, concerns and points of curiosity for each stage as it is coming up, *especially* when it has to do with the emotional side of the journey which is nice. Recently my husband and I were wondering aloud to each other a question and literally that same day I get an update from The Bump with an article title that asks exactly what we were wondering! Talk about on point! Thank you, The Bump!☺️👍 The best pregnancy app! I looked at a few other apps when I was trying to get pregnant (and then got pregnant!) and the bump is the best one out there. It’s extremely uplifting and informative. I like that there’s no social media aspect to it either. Other apps with “communities” always left me scared for my baby and that I am going to be bad mom. Not the bump!! I love the weekly deep dives and the daily updates about the size of the baby. I love the coupons and calendar reminders too. It’s a nice touch. It’s laughable most days how off the “daily sizing” of baby is on an app dedicated to tracking the growth of the baby day-by-day. Baby was “as tall as a crayon” one day but “as big as a coffee mug” the next. Compared to a plum, but is the size of a Swedish fish? My friends and family laugh about the sizing as if it were written by a prepubescent boy who has never stumbled upon a pregnant woman. 

My other issues with the app are the relative lack of information about symptoms, side effects, solutions, methods, or really any resources for new moms. I experienced massive amounts of morning sickness and strange symptoms my entire first trimester, and I’d like to turn to an app I downloaded for this very purpose, rather than turning once again to the internet. I definitely have enjoyed this app with all 3 of my babies. However when you are reading one of the articles, and you are scrolling through reading it, if you accidentally hit one of the words that are blue(about a certain topic-for example-preterm labor) it will then take you to another article right away on (preterm labor) instead of being able to finish the article you are in reading. It’s kind of hard to explain. It definitely can be annoying when it happens over and over, but besides that I enjoy it! :) I use 3 pregnancy apps to help me follow my baby’s growth and development in the womb. The Bump is the only one that gives me a new tidbit about his growth every single day. Other apps only update the size once a week but the bump has a new little fact every single day. It’s a lot more fun than just comparing to a new fruit or animal once a week. I also love the articles that they post and the information that they provide. The community could use a little help but that’s a minor issue for me. While I don’t really read all of the articles or anything, I like that there is a different daily read and it’s easy to access if you do want to read it. 

I like the size updates each week although I feel that they should give a range rather than the lower end of the normal range that other resources list. 

My favorite feature for sharing with family and friends is the countdown, but it’s had a glitch for well over a month that they’re apparently working to fix but can’t figure out I guess. My baby is due in early summer and it shows a picture of snow and says “winter baby coming in __ weeks.” It gives two other options, one is an astronaut theme (which I don’t like) and one is the astrological sign which is okay but I’m not like into all that too much and my baby’s sign is a cancer which I hate bc I correlate it with disease/death so I’m not too fond of sharing that. Just not sure WHY it’s taking SO LONG to fix the glitch. 

The best feature on this app is the in depth 3D view of baby and now mom with highlights for development and symptoms for the week. I love the Bump app! I had it all the way through my pregnancy and loved the feature where it showed you an interactive 3D image of how baby looked at each week. Also the articles are amazing and address any question you may have during pregnancy and after. There is also a great community forum where you can interact with other moms and not feel alone. I still use this app now that my baby girl is 3 months and the advice and videos of other moms talking about their experience is great! Thank you Bump! This app has taken me through my entire pregnancy and now starting with the newborn stage.  Each week I gained insightful and useful info about the pregnancy and baby’s growth. Daily articles that varied from short and easy to read to more in depth and informative along with daily size comparisons for baby. I like that the app also had a bunch of features for counting kicks and contractions and so on. And all of this was absolutely free! I downloaded this app as soon as I found out my son and daughter-in-law were expecting. Even though the app is designed for new parents to be, I found it extremely helpful reminding me of the stages of pregnancy and what to expect at each stage. I especially loved the size comparisons to vegetables. After 33 years since my last pregnancy I was far more acquainted with the size of a cantaloupe than a baby. 😊 I would recommend to all “grandparents to be” to download this app for a great place to refresh your memories. I’m going to be a first time mom and I downloaded this app when I was just 8 weeks and every week it tells me how the baby is growing and how my body is changing as well. It updates me on how far along I am and also has advice for really anything I can think of! It also updates every day with new articles to read regarding pregnancy, the baby, and so fourth. I definitely recommend this app to new moms, most definitely helpful with questions I have and information I’m looking for! I’m so disappointed and will be deleting this app. I found it unnecessary to have a daily article recommend that pregnant women should receive the flu shot. Especially with all of the controversy surrounding his subject. There have been studies since 2015 that link the flu shot with miscarriage . The CDC even recognizes this study and still says not only should women still receive the flu shot but that they are safe to get it during the first trimester, which in the study shows the strong likeliness of a miscarriage if received in the first trimester. We’re told as pregnant woman to be careful consuming certain foods that are high in mercury due to possibilities of miscarrying but you’re suggesting I inject mercury straight to my blood stream. I strongly disagree. Thank you My wife and I really like reading about the weekly growth of our son. The app has a fun little section that tells you how big your baby is week by week and gives you a count down to the due date that I enjoy looking at. There’s plenty of articles available to read relating to many baby questions I didn’t even think about (new parent)…

However, there is content on here that is very opinion based. Some that relates to topics like abortion and gender fluidity.

Definitely not every bit of content is fact based or for those seeking advice with going through a pregnancy/caring for a baby. Love this app! It's super accurate. Love the 3D diagrams it gives you, to let you see what your little bundle of joy is looking like that week. It is organized and efficient. They show you the approximate size of the baby, examples of how you might be feeling, and explains all the changes the baby is experiencing. It even gives you different articles to read everyday tailored to questions one would have around that time. This app is super innovative and efficient.  Love it and highly recommend it! I’m a first time mom and I’ve really like this app. Like many people say, it’s better than other apps I’ve tried. I love getting notifications about how far along I am. My absolute favorite part is the 3-D image of baby each week. They recently added a similar image so you can get an idea of how your body is changing too. 

I only give it a 4 because some of the articles are a little silly. I would just recommend not paying too much attention to the statistics without talking to your doctor about what to actually worry about. Just found out I was pregnant with baby two and I quickly went to my emails to remember the name of this app so I could redownload it!  It is full of all sorts of information from the size of your baby and what they are forming each week, what to expect in your body, and tons of educational articles on a broad range of topics involving pregnancy and any questions you may have! There are also baby name lists and coupon codes for several websites! This is my first baby, so apps like these are very helpful! I actually prefer this app over What to Expect, although I still use it to compare and get different information. I really like the features where you get a close-up 360 view of what your baby “looks like” every week, and how it’s changing. I also really like that there’s news articles to read and learn from... I even told my husband to download the app because it’s really that good! Very user-friendly. Super cute app, love the virtual baby and momma anatomy updates. Love everything except registry. Not only is connection/linking spotty but they also limit you to only 6 of the major stores. Nurture app lets you link preexisting registries from major stores and any misc items by url then add descriptions. This app allows share pay on big ticket items which is AWESOME… if the registry portion worked. 

Overall, awesome app for information and tracking pregnancy. That’s the primary reason I downloaded so still good. My husband and I just had our first baby! From the moment we found out I was pregnant we started using the bump. Wow! This app, these articles, everything has not been wrong yet. When we have a question, or not understanding something we refer to the bump. Of course if it’s something serious we reach out to our pediatrician. I would recommend this app to anyone who has a baby, looking to have one, or a toddler. It’s absolutely fantastic. My friend showed me this app when I first found out that I was expecting! This app has helped ease so much of my anxiety of being a new mom and it’s super easy to track weekly updates and growth. It breaks down not just month to month but week by week of what is going on inside of your body as your baby is developing! This app is a game changer for myself and my husband who likes to keep up with the changing development as well! Love the Bump app. Such clean branding and concise messaging. 

As a husband, it’s much harder to feel connected to your growing womb dweller since your body isn’t undergoing miraculous change (hopefully). The app helps me stay engaged in the pregnancy, feel closer to my new child, and it offers a size and developmental perspective I wouldn’t otherwise have. It’s my daily reminder to fight for the health and wellbeing of my little one through prayer. It’s a constant nudge to nurture my beautiful, nauseous and exhausted wife by putting her needs above my own. I went through a number of apps in the beginning of my pregnancy. This is my first pregnancy and I was not too knowledgeable about what to expect, what to do, and what not to do. I love this app - every week I was given a break down of the baby’s development and mine. Many of the symptoms I experienced were discussed in their short and concise daily reads - which was incredibly helpful. This was by no means a substitute to the books or classes I took but it was a helpful guide I referred to and looked at, on a weekly basis. I’m actually a grandma to be using this app. It’s so much fun to hear all of the new info out there for new moms and dads.  Mr son-in-law and I always s talk about the articles and I love how the app gives us an idea as to what size the baby is each week. I think the app is great for family hers. It is a way for them to be more involved in the whole process and how to be more involved with the whole process and be able to understand what their wife and mother of their child is going through. This app is great! I love that you can edit the baby’s name and it’ll say “*insert baby’s name* is as big as an apple today!” So cute and makes it more personalized, however I think you should also be given the option to put in the baby’s gender too so it’ll just say he or she once you find out. Example: give the option in the same settings as you would to change the name and be able to pick the gender boy, girl, or it’s a surprise! Just an idea to make it even more personalized. Hope you take this into consideration, thanks! I’ve had this app the whole time I’ve been pregnant and this is my first pregnancy I love a lot of the articles with all of the information you can read about stuff for the soon to be mom and the baby. I also like how it tells u what the baby is doing inside of you each week as well as their size and it also shows you a 3D Version of what they look like inside too which I really enjoy too. It’s been a really helpful app for me and I’ll recommend it to all of my friends. Like I said, very helpful and informative app! Honestly, as a mom-to-be I feel like I don’t do enough research on anything & everything and I have such a busy schedule so I forget to use this app to it’s advantage and forget to use it as much as I can, but, every time I’m on this app I find myself scrolling through articles for hours and watching all the videos and reading everything I can! It’s such a cute, informative, helpful and cooperative app. Would recommend for all expecting mamas. 💕 I really enjoy this app. From being able to see a 3D version of baby, to the daily reads, to seeing how far along I am and how many weeks I have left. I give this app a 4 star review because, as much as I enjoy it I think it would be a little better if it told me how many months I am as well as how many weeks and how many weeks I have left. Other than that I really appreciate this app. I also appreciate the daily reads I get emailed to me to educate me on toddlers and how to manage life with more than one child. 
All in all I think this app is great. ❤️💙 This is my first pregnancy. I really looked forward to the updates on how baby is growing, but it was really annoying when it seemed like one day it would say baby was about 17” and the next day it would say it was the size of a ruler (standard ruler 12”). Again, not a huge deal but between that and the fruit sizes, I felt like it just wasn’t consistent or relative. It could definitely use some tweaking and updates. The articles I really liked, but I wish there was somewhere on the app where you could save them so you can go back and reread them. I saved them to my notes but a save or flag feature would have been helpful too. I’ve downloaded a few different pregnancy tracker apps already and this is by far my favorite. The app itself is well designed, the graphics look great and the app doesn’t hit you with a bunch of ads. The week by week updates are really informative, and the fruit/vegetable comparisons to gauge the baby’s size are cute. I was excited to find out that after my due date the app continues with weekly/monthly updates for the newborn, so I can keep using this app after he comes! This is one of the best app I’m using. As I’m a second time mama, my first Tim experience with the app was amazing, lots of information you need even if it’s your first,second or third time!If you never really have much information regarding pregnancy, this app could help you as it helped me and guided me with my first pregnant,almost every topic I get concerned about. Very relevant with Handful of genuine information. I recommend any new mama or even a second time mama to use the app. ❤️ I love the articles & the discussion boards! This app definitely calmed my nerves during my first and, so far, only pregnancy. 

However, don’t follow all their product suggestions and definitely consult with your doctor/pediatrician and the moms in your inner circle! A lot of the suggestions, I believe, are paid for product ads and not based on any factual evidence. Please do your own research!!!! We all instinctually know what is best for our own baby. The app’s content and features are great. However, I have one major complaint. Every time I open the app, it shuts off whatever I’m listening to! I’m not even trying to watch a video within the app, just opening it. When I go to try to restart my podcast, music, etc., it says an advertisement was playing. The ads within the app don’t actually play audio unless you hit the volume up button, so it shuts my content off for nothing. It may seem minor but you could really improve your user experience if you fixed that. This is an amazing app! I have a 24 year old and now after 24 years I am pregnant again! It is a blessing from God, and I love this app because it helps me understand this pregnancy it’s been so long and it feels like my first pregnancy and I have existing medical conditions (asthma, type 2 diabetes, and high blood pressure) so I am always on pins and needles! But thanks to the bump every day I get fantastic information and it eases some of my stress and questioning this and that! Great app!🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿 Being my first pregnancy, there’s been so many questions. This app has answers and support just one easy click away. It’s been so helpful throughout my pregnancy so far and I feel like every time I had a question or concern, it’s like the app just knew what I needed to know and I opened it up and there was the answer right there! I’ve also just enjoyed seeing what my baby looks like if I could see it everyday. It’s fun and even my husband and family members enjoy using it! This app is so helpful! I used it with my first pregnancy 3 years ago and just downloaded it again for my current pregnancy. They have made great updates and there are some really great features like community where you can ask questions of professionals and other moms. I also LOVE the food safety feature they just added. I find myself constantly googling whether different things are safe or how much to limit and now they have it in one place! Highly recommend The app is full of helpful information for new moms and moms who are “seasoned vets.” I feel like a new mom as this is my second pregnant but 11 years from my first making it feel like my first. Things are different from my first in many ways. The app provides everything from mediation safety, helpful tips on staying healthy and comfortable, to helping create a baby registry with suggestion of what has helped others in the past. I used this app for my first pregnancy, and it really helped me understand what was going on with my body. I am on my second pregnancy, and the day I found out I was pregnant, I downloaded it. It gives you amazing updates, good size comparisons, and great articles for you to read. You can even search articles. Highly recommend this app to anyone experiencing pregnancy for the first time, or maybe even a couple times in!!! I am a first time mom, and this app calmed so many of my nerves and answered so many questions. I LOVE that the app is FREE and they don’t charge you to ask questions or look for similar questions that you may be having. The weekly updates on your baby’s development in-utero and once they are born are some of my favorite ways to see each milestone in development. 

I would and do recommend this app to everyone who is pregnant! It is the best pregnancy app I’ve ever used! I really like this app. I open it more frequently than other applications because they give you a daily update on the baby’s growth. I also had a question on how the months were tracked and received a prompt, thorough response from customer service. I do notice that for the weekly updated I find myself going to other applications (What to Expect) to obtain more information on the baby’s growth and development. Unfortunately they don’t provide as much information as I wish they would. The Bump app is SO well designed where so many apps like it are just ugly. But beyond that it is user friendly and easy to find answers to every question. The community of other moms has already proven so helpful to me and I’m only a few weeks into pregnancy. I also can’t get over the amazing in depth week by week explanation of baby and my body. It is so interesting and the 3D model is fascinating! Plus, who doesn't want to know that you’re baby is the size of a poppyseed? I've never rated anything in my decade plus of using apple, but i had to come rate this app! There is not a single app that comes close to giving this much information and interactive tools for FREE! I literally check this app as much as i check my email or family group chat. I love the niche information it provides me about my baby, especially in the 1st trimester when you're really new to this & don't get many doctors visits! I’ve loved the bump during my pregnancy, and it’s nice to have my husband read the bump each week so he has a better idea what I’m experiencing :) My favorite part is the 3D of my body, it helps me connect with my baby and realize how big she’s getting! I also love the daily size comparisons which are fun to look forward to. I use several other apps and the Bump is by far the most aesthetically pleasing and easy to navigate. I’d recommend! I really appreciated the information the Bump app provided all through my pregnancy and since my son was born in June 2021. The information is fact based and relevant. I also liked that even when articles are sharing information that can be worrisome they present it in a positive way. Their app does not provide fear based information as many apps and books do. I would recommend this app to anyone who is pregnant! Hi everyone
I’ve been using this app since I was eight weeks pregnant and now my baby is almost 5 months. I love this app I look forward for weekly updates and I follow them pretty much and it’s pretty consistent with wherever whatever book you read. Sometimes it also helps me question the things I do usually or I can always check with myOB/GYN or paediatrician and they would say the same thing .I would recommend this to anyone who is pregnant or postpartum. I am one to google everything and when I found out I was pregnant that’s all I did. I am currently 9 weeks and this app puts my mind at ease. I stopped googling and just turned to this app because there are women who are going through the same thing and it just gives you lots of articles and responses from real women. Not a big what if mystery on google. I love the feature where it shows how big baby is as well and what’s going on in your body. What happened to the daily fact?! “Today baby weighs as much as a can of pop” those were my favorite.. This app is very well thought out with daily reads relevant to how every mom feels. I am on my second pregnancy and having just as much fun as the first time around thanks to The Bump! It is a great platform for moms and moms-to-be to connect and also provide resources and credible information for any question you could possibly have! (Let’s be honest.. we have lots) 😋 I’ve been using this app for over a year, since I found out I was pregnant and now into new motherhood. My partner even downloaded it to track my pregnancy along with me and The Bump is where we searched for (and found!) our baby’s name. I love that I’m able to search for helpful, credible articles for whatever I’ve had questions about throughout this journey. I recommend it to all my new mommy friends! I’ve used this app for all three of my children. I love that I can check on how my four-year-old is doing my nine month old is doing and the baby in my belly is doing all in one app! I love comparing how my pregnancy is going compared to what the App says I should expect this week. It’s usually spot on. It gives great insight and advice. My favorite part is seeing what symptoms to expect as each week passes and also the weight my baby should be. We had a miscarriage before our current pregnancy so getting back into the swing of being pregnant was very scary for me. The Bump app has been a great tool for learning more about what pregnancy is all about and what to expect during the first trimester. I also love all the different interactive ways I can learn not only about my body, but our baby as well. My husband and I love reading the daily facts together. Thank you creators of the Bump!! 💕 The Bump app has a tracker for me to follow along with to see my baby grow. This is my first pregnancy. It also has a variety of articles to help understand what’s going on with my body, my babies body as it grows and generally any question I ever had so far was answered by this app! I have downloaded many other pregnancy apps, but this one is the cutest, organized the best, and has the most helpful information and visuals. I’m a grandmother. My daughter had me put the app on my phone so her daughter could look at it while she was out of town. I’ve learned a lot of new things myself. The 3-D baby and mom’s body section is amazing. There are informative interesting articles on every aspect of preparing for and living with new baby. It compares baby’s growth to everyday fruits and items. (ie) baby is about the size of a coke can but weight less than half as much. Who can’t relate to that. Love this app. I'm loving this app! What I love most about it is the up close 3D look inside at the baby. This app allows you to see how the different organs and body parts are developing which I've never seen in any app and the information is correct. 
I also love the variety of different articles they give you to read, you name it they've got it and with common questions asked.

There's so many great things I love about this app, the only one thing that I come to discover is this app doesn't help you calculate your due date but that's no biggie considering when you visit your doctor and get your correct due date all you need to do is just add and the app does the rest for you.

I'm shocked to see this app not have many reviews as others, as this one is way more informative. (I've never written a review this long) While I’m really enjoying this app, the articles about the male side are very frustrating to read. The assumption and perpetuation of the idea that men are clueless, uninterested, and at the beck and call of the female is quite sad. You’d think in today’s culture they would be trying to stamp that out, but every article about men has the same basic tune - you don’t know what’s going on and you probably don’t care, let us rudely convince you. I’m glad it isn’t the case for us, but I wish our situation wasn’t perceived as extraordinary. This app is hands down the best of all that I’m using! It gives daily weight, length, size updates that you can realistically compare to (i.e index finger is the size of a tic tac and baby is as tall as 4 golf balls) of course it compares to the regular fruits too! There are a ton of quick read articles which I love bc they’re easy to get through and straight to the point! You have to download this app for your pregnancy, I have loved using it! This is my first pregnancy and i’m going at it alone as a single mom. I love the week by week tracker that gives you the size comparisons with fruits and veggies which is so cute. The daily fact is also something i genuinely look forward to every day. But even with those fun things there’s a lot of helpful articles about pregnancy, birth, and child care that are useful. especially for a solo mom like me 🙋🏻‍♀️ Started using this app when I became pregnant. There are wonderful articles that are super informative. I’ve had the app in the past for my now 9 year old but it’s much more enhanced now.

My daughter is 5m old and the app still provides excellent resources for infants. I’m going to keep it as long as possible. Highly recommend for first time parents ( not just moms) and parents who love learning new things. I’ve used and checked this app daily since I found out late, at 15 weeks, that I was pregnant. I especially love the growth info and views of the baby in the womb and mother that update each week. Plus, the daily facts are awesome and the super helpful stories and info that relate to that time have been priceless. I just gave birth to my son a few days ago and plan to keep using this app even after pregnancy is over. Def. highly recommend it for any pregnant woman! The articles I get are very timely and always seem to be things I was worried about at that particular time. This app helped me understand more about my baby and be a little more prepared for what would happen in delivery and after.

UPDATE: Ever since I moved my app into post-delivery mode, it crashes all the time!! I can read an initial article fine, but when I try to follow a related link or return to the homepage, it shuts off suddenly and has to be restarted! I love this app! This is my second time using it. I used it for my son and learned so much and I’m learning so much more with my daughter! The articles help for first time moms or moms in general. I’m genuinely happy with the overall experience of it. The 3D pictures and fruit and veggie sizes of your babying growing each week is so helpful and helps with bonding. There is also 3D pictures of your body as well and things you can expect! This app is super useful especially for 1st time mommies. Everything you could possibly need to know (and more) is found in one place. I’m so glad I found this app as it puts my mind at ease (to-do lists, articles during your week).  I show my husband the weekly updates you get and even he’s amazed how much info you get (my body and baby in 3D). I’m so thankful for this app and would recommend to all 1st time mommies! I know there are a few apps that do sort of the same thing. I haven’t been using any of the others but I’ve peeked at their interfaces and it seems like it’s all pretty same same. This one is a nice balance for me, they don’t bombard me with promo content or overly frequent emails, but they do check in at the beginning of each week which is a nice way to tick off the time and read some fun little facts I love this app so much! It tells you what you need to know and when you need to know it. It’s the perfect amount of info to digest each week and it gives you weekly articles, medical info, and to do lists for every new week of pregnancy. That way you’re not six weeks pregnant hearing about labor and delivery, instead you’re being told about what’s relevant right now! Love this app - articles are informative and daily and weekly updates are very fun to read (wish there was a calendar though). My only issue I’ve had is with the “Real Answers” section - Trying to type a question and it will disappear or reset, reading through answers/questions and the app shuts down, unable to click on a question and go back to where you were in the feed. I’ve continuously updated the app so hopefully it’s a section that’ll be fixed soon! This app has just gotten worse and worse for trying to use any of the community boards.  It no longer takes you to the last read comment and instead takes you to the very top of the thread for you to scroll down and try to find where you left off.  Half the time—with no rhyme or reason—the “Love It” button gives an error message that permission was denied and I need to enable JavaScript...um, on my iPhone?  I’ve not once been able to use pictures/GIFs or coding like spoiler boxes in my replies through the app.  I’d love to stay as a customer but these glitches make the app almost unusable. Pretty out of date with new pregnancy recommendations. Also the questions are all over the board. Some will just make you laugh and feel intelligent and others are really serious issues that should be addressed with your doctor and the advice on there could potentially be dangerous or harmful. It’s NOT medically driven at all but the tracker is fun and helpful. I think the fruit and veggie comparison could be better... like a melon is allegedly smaller than lettuce. I guess that depends on your state and the produce available there. Overall it’s a cute app but I’m no longer using it because the questions frustrate me and the later veggie stages seem like a stretch so it’s not that fun. I’m on my  2nd child and my son is nine years old so with the nine year age gap in between this out Hesh ease my anxiety and on knowing there’s of certain things that I forgot during my first pregnancy is very easy to navigate it goes in depth looks it’s so what’s your body is changing and growing into as well as your baby 3-D looks and it gives you tips every day it’s a job being a baby is every day or every week is just a great app We actually used several different apps throughout this pregnancy, but The Bump was one of our favorites. I loved getting a daily size comparison, and there are so many different articles to search through. The only thing I would’ve liked better is if there was a way to change the settings to show you’re having multiples. The app is definitely geared towards singleton babies, and we’ve got two on the way! The app was very helpful during pregnancy. Very informative for a first time mom - I highly recommend. It was almost like a friend who knew what I was going through and when, with no judgement when I didn’t like pregnancy. I continued to use it when baby was a newborn, but it was not as helpful - there were fewer articles, many repeat articles, and really not as informative. While the app articles satisfied my need for information during pregnancy, I did research mostly outside the app for the newborn stage. I love this app. My son is two now and we have another on the way and I use this for both of them. It has the best info, week by week and month by month status and more. My son also has a speech delay so we’ve been using this app as an idea of where he should be and it’s great to have that extra little bit of information that we aren’t getting from therapists of the state. This is my first pregnancy and I have been reading the bump app as if it is the holy bible! It has helped me answer so many questions that I can’t ask my doctor regularly. It also helps me to understand the changes in my body! The only thing I wish was I able to to search old articles because if you don’t save them then they go away unless you look in all categories to find it! Love this app ! Used it for my first pregnancy and now for my second ! Gives you a lot of information of baby while in your belly and also after they come out. Also gives a lot of information about mom and how the body changes during pregnancy. Also love how they show how big baby is by using pictures of fruit and veggies ❤️ Definitely one of the best free pregnancy tracking apps there is! Love that there are daily updates for your date in pregnancy, daily recommended articles, and the checklist that gets updated daily as well. Some of the other apps I’ve found don’t change until you hit the next week, so it’s not very fun to check more than just every Monday or so. The bump is fun and informative to check daily which is exactly what I was looking for! The Bump has been my go-to reference for anything pregnancy/mommy/baby related. I’ve used it through all 3 and currently 4th pregnancy. The information and fun tips provided make things less stressful on myself while navigating each trimester. I love the interactive 3D models of the growth of baby and yourself. Definitely recommend it for anyone expecting or just needs a bit more knowledge for a friend or family! With how crazy life gets it’s really nice having an app to keep me updated on how many weeks, days, months have gone by and how many are left. The app is really cute with its layout and is a fun way to learn little nuances about what’s going on with baby and me. One of my favorite features is the daily fact, it’s a cute way to show how much baby is progressing and how to visualize their growth. Only reason I don’t give it 5 stars is on the more scientific and medicinal side it does lack in comparison to other apps. Lots to read on. I like being able to track days and week. Being able to see what’s going on with the baby and how it’s developing plus my body and it’s changes as well. There is also a community page where you can ask question and see responses from other women using the app. I’m really liking this app and I’m glad it was recommended to me. This app seems to do it all! I makes a game out of finding names that you and your partner like, helps build a baby registry, gives insightful information on where your growing baby/your body is developmentally every week, has a place to put your weekly bump pictures (for multiple pregnancies), plus after baby is born and much MUCH more! I definitely recommend this app to mommas! I loved waking up to see what odd comparison The Bump had made of my fetus’s limbs to foods and household objects. I remember the day my baby as the size of a gummy bear, so it was delightful to find out recently that his foot is now the size of a gummy bear. But with a recent update, those “On this day” updates have completely stopped. I really have no reason to use the app without those updates. If they came back, I’d bump my rating up for sure. I downloaded every free baby app out there.  This is hands down the best.  Every time I felt anxiety while pregnant there was an article to discuss what I was feeling.  The app got even better after my child was born.  Daily Articles coincided with the stages my little one was in as well as postpartum tips and discussions for myself.  Could not be more thankful for how much this app has put me at ease throughout my pregnancy and into the beginning months of motherhood. It’s generally a good app and user-friendly. Although, sometimes the weekly fruit I feel is inaccurate (compared to my other apps). The articles are nice to read daily but they are brief, and I find myself doing additional research on those topics. The “real answers” section is interesting and usually humorous, but the questions aren’t refreshed frequently enough. One of the other things I love in my area app is a calendar showing how many weeks along I will be at a certain time in the future. This app helps me feel comfortable as a first time mom to be. There are 3D images of what baby looks like, and images of our body's anatomy.
It’s really cool to see how far technology has come along with the detailed tips and facts. I can go week by week learning about my body and feel comfortable knowing my symptoms are relatable. Especially since my man doesn’t have a clue in what to tell me when my mood swings begin. This is my all time favorite app when pregnant and even after having baby. I read every single week of my pregnancy updates and since it was my first baby it helped so much with knowing what to expect. I thought I would stop using it after I gave birth only to discover it also gives updates on baby! It saves me countless hours of google searching for what’s to come. My wife and I were both first time parents, this app had so many answers to questions we had and even ones we had not thought of.  The countdown is lovely and tells you exactly what’s going on with not just the baby but the mother each week. Millions of useful pregnancy and post partum tips plus tells you when’s a good time to get certain tasks done before you baby’s arrival. Great app helped me to keep track of weekly milestones while pregnant. Also easy to share with friends and family to keep them updated with what is going on with Baby and Mommy! I like to review the app with things to ask my OB to make sure they stayed on task.  Since I had an awesome provider they were in sync and on target with “what’s next”. Which was confirmation The Bump was accurate. Would definitely recommend!! I have several other baby apps but this one is by far my favorite! As soon as I found out I was pregnant I downloaded this app! It has been so helpful and fun throughout my pregnancy! And it lets me know I’m not crazy when I’ve been experiencing new symptoms and I find out they’re normal. Haha. 😂 The only things I wish that were different were:

1) Add your own baby name. I searched for a name to add to my list and it didn’t show up. But I would still like to add it to my favorite list but there currently is no way to do that. 
2) I wish there were a calendar feature to show how many weeks you until the expected due date. I have needed to check for various circumstances and I have a different app downloaded only for that reason and I wish it was all combined on the Bump app. 

Other than those two things, excellent app! Every time I thought of a question during my pregnancy, there was a topic or slide on it. It’s like it knew what I was thinking. I just had my first baby, so I religiously checked this app for new information everyday. Every Tuesday was my favorite because I’d be a week closer to meeting my precious baby. I totally recommend this application to every pregnant woman, especially with their first child. My baby is 2 months old now, and I still check it everyday. ☺️ I am now on my third pregnancy and have tried out several apps, but The Bump remains my favorite! I love the daily updates and comparisons on the baby’s size, especially in the early weeks when you just have no way to see what’s going on in there. There are also lots of helpful articles and weekly checklists to help you stay on track with prepping for baby! I have only been using this app for 3 months, but I can tell a difference in the app since target took over. The app glitches more and will not load past the 4 pictures when first opening the app. I will try to close app and all other apps to refresh it and it still does not open sometimes, so I just can’t use the app for that whole day for some reason. 

Also many places on the app/ articles say doctor the app would be more medically sound to say midwife (NP), or PA This app has been a great help in all things through my pregnancy. It has also been a great resource and pass time during my.
I’m most excited to read the random facts every morning, secondly being able to see my baby grow by week. Also reading or hearing what to expect every week. 
Ive been able to create my baby registry list and shop around through the app, super cool! The Bump is the best baby app by far. I really enjoy learning about my little one every week and even every day with new articles and information to read about what I’m experiencing. I highly recommend to any and everyone who’s interested in their pregnancy journey. The bump will educate, give ideas and there are even real life forums to access. My most favorite thing about the app is being able to see baby and my body in 3D. I love this app!! I’m pregnant with baby #2 and initially I started not to download an app like with my first bc I didn’t want the info to be redundant. But I came across the Bump and have been thoroughly pleased! The info provided is so vast and covers just about any question you could possibly have! Not only is it efficient,  it’s look is cute too! 
I’m always looking forward to what new daily read I’ll have and to check out baby’s progression! Love this app! New mom here so this app is helpful. However, it will be bossy and tell you how to handle your pregnancy, which I think is totally up to the mom. It’s good to have scientifically proven advice, but I don’t think the biased advice in the app, such as telling the user when to talk about your pregnancy, is right, that it solely up to the mother. Also noticed the size inconsistencies. One page said one size, the next said another. Other than that, helpful for on the go and runs smoothly. I look at the Bump first thing every morning to get an update on baby’s size and see what articles they are recommending for the day! The articles are extremely helpful and in some instances have definitely make me start looking into things I hadn’t thought about yet (choosing a pediatrician!) I have literally four other pregnancy apps on my phone and this one is by far the best. Good job The Bump! I don’t often write reviews but I loved this product and felt compelled to do so. As a new mom your body is going through so many different changes and it helped to ease a lot of nervousness.  I just loved the simple articles and weekly information. I even loved tracking my baby size with the fruit or vegetable. Overall, I found this app to be something that walked me through my first pregnancy for which I am so grateful! I’m a mommy to be and this app as been very helpful letting me know what to expect during my pregnancy! I love that everyday it tells you something new about the baby and that you get to read articles about the baby and how you might be feeling!! I really love when it shows you the 3D picture of what the baby looks like inside of you. This app has been very helpful to me during my pregnancy!! If I were you I would download it now !!! Out of most apps that have the same concept this is by far the best. It updates u, gives you information u might not even know about! Like half the stuff I read I was shook !! I probably learned more about babies and etc then in school when we took health or that one home-ec? Lol forgot how to spell it. 
You can also ask questions on the app and people respond fast. Moms around the world that reply that can relate. As a second time mom, I have found the vast majority of content on the Bump is recycled and geared towards first time moms. Nothing about transitioning to 2+ kids or handling pregnancy and a toddler. Further, the lack of updated content specific to the pandemic is wildly tone deaf. When to have your baby shower? Baby moons? Get with the program, guys. Perhaps an article on staying healthy/sane while quarantining pregnant could serve more value than what Gigi Hadid named her baby. Just an idea. 

I basically just use this app as a tracker of baby’s progress. Everything else is irrelevant the second time around. I love this app! I’m on my first baby and extremely curious about everything baby and pregnancy. The daily articles extremely helpful, the size measuring is adorable… I send screenshots of the different fruits and vegetables that represent baby size to my husband every week! I don’t think I’d be able to keep track of things without this app. It’s fun, adorable, and helps me have something to say when someone ask about my pregnancy. I found this the most accurate app for dates and sizes. I used a few before I found The Bump and after my OB appointment I realized my information was off. So I switched straight to The Bump and it matched everything the doctor had explained. The articles are really great and not alarming like some of the internet reads and it’s daily check lists to get the most out of each day is really helpful. The only thing I wish it had was a full size calendar but that’s a little thing. LOVE THIS APP. So much good information and everyday they give you new topics to read about! Plus waking up to seeing my baby has grown is a beautiful feeling :) this is my first time being pregnant & there's millions of articles w supporting evidence that answer all of your questions. 
I will recommend this to everyone, and use it next time I'm pregnant! 
Even after your baby is born it sends you weekly updates as baby gets a week older. Love it I've really been enjoying this app. I love the cartoon fruit pictures that tells how big the baby is, and how below they give you other things each day to compare the size to. Some of the other baby apps I've tried have graphic pictures of what the baby looks like inside, that might be nice for some people, but I find it kind of gross. I'm glad this app doesn't do that and just shows me cartoon fruit instead 🍓 This will mark the very first review I have ever written, like ever. Though the app deserves every word. Not only is it educational with different articles to read as the stages of pregnancy progress. It is also interactive affording not only a breakdown of the baby’s size but also a 3D display which allows you to see what is occurring inside the womb. This is an eye opening experience with an ever growing wealth of information. For first time parents I strongly suggest this app! Using this app as my sister is expecting (1st time Auntie)! It’s great overall, love the countdown and all the information given when you hit a new week. The daily fact is good too! 
I think the question/answers section needs a little improvement to make it more user friendly though. Was signed in but the app won’t let me “bump” up answers. I’m sure the webpage does but it’s annoying to have to open up the webpage when everything else you need is on the app! This has been my favorite app so far throughout my pregnancy. There are super relative articles that have peaked my interest and also answered a lot of questions. Each of the tools in the app are super interactive and informative to expectant families. 

There was a recent update to the app though. Previously there was a daily fun fact about baby. I loved that and it was so much more fun to say the baby’s palm was as big as an altoid versus the baby is the size of an endive or banana. Bring back the facts, please? This is my first pregnancy and this app was able to keep me up to date with everything I was going through. It explained how big the baby was how many weeks and days I was, how the baby was growing and how big it was. I also love the articles I get everyday with new information. I can't wait to see what else this app has in store the further along I am. 🤗🤗 Recommended by a mom friend, I downloaded this app as soon as I found out I was pregnant and it has been so helpful for keeping me on track. I don’t always do the recommended tasks but it’s great to see that they are there. My grandma really appreciated hearing about what size fruit my baby was compared to since she’s in Scotland and I can’t see her. Also helpful for getting my registry started. Really fun and informative app; my husband and I especially enjoy reading the fun daily fact each day! We are expecting our first in December and are both in the medical field, so we do know a good bit about pregnancy but the articles still have taught us a few things (and are medically accurate  regarding the things we do already know). Definitely recommend this app for anyone who is pregnant, or whose partner is! I’ve had three children and my baby is having a baby... I thought I knew everything until this app!!! My daughter became wiser than I because of this app... she just gave birth to my 1st grandchild and she was ready!! I downloaded the app so I could share the experience with her and it was wonderful!! All the articles and interactive pieces... she even used the contraction monitor when the time came! Awesome app!! Keep up the good work Bump!!! I’m truly disappointed because I used to love this app for past pregnancy’s. The problem is now when I’m reading out my current week of pregnancy it’s referring to pregnant women as pregnant people. Since when did being a women get reduced to being just a “person”. I am a mother and a women. I give birth. I am a mother. What you choose to call yourself is your own prerogative but why must we conform to the small amount of people who won’t refer to themselves as a women just in the name of doing what’s “politically correct”. Such a disgusting way to erase women. And yes…referring to pregnant women as birthing people or pregnant people is a disgrace to WOMEN. I’ve had this app from the beginning of my pregnancy and I have to admit it was the best thing I’ve ever done it always had the answers I needed when I needed them words can not express how calm this app made me from time to time and it kept me up to date with all my baby’s info I still use it today after my baby is already here getting info for him still💖 This app has everything you need from weekly updates and daily reads to support you during your pregnancy. I have loved getting to read all of the articles each day as they always have to do with where I am in my pregnancy. I love being able to share articles with my husband that I think he would be interested in reading! Fun to keep track of roughly how big your baby is! As well as educate you on your symptoms & how you're feeling. First time mom here & I was living away from home. This app helped me feel less alone with what I was experiencing throughout pregnancy as well as teach me and guide me through my worries. :) 

Love this app, definitely could not have made it through without its help. Updated review…5 stars, I previously gave 3 stars, but they listened and updated the app and I can’t think of anything that needs to change.

Maybe I’m crazy, but I don’t see a search feature within the app!? They have tons of great articles and helpful information, but I always have to go to the website to search for it. One of my favorite parts is after you see the size comparison and the symptoms and other info. You can see the baby size and new growth and then you can also see what the baby looks like size wise inside a body and what symptoms or new growth you will be expecting and it’s AWESOME!! So cool. There’s lots of other cool features but those are the ones I look forward to every week. I’m obsessed with this app! I love how it gives you new articles and notifications everyday, it helps make the “long waiting periods” feel more doable since I look forward to a new read everyday. 
The 3D feature is AMAZING! I would have paid money for that alone! I could spend hours and hours just looking at different angles. There is sooooo much information provided, it really surprised me. 100% recommend! I am a first time mom, which means I am feeling super exciting & nervous at the same time. I downloaded The Bump since I found out I am pregnant and it has helped me so much along the way. It’s not only giving me so many useful information but also not overwhelming me. I read every article they sent me each week. The weekly baby size function is super fun as well! I highly recommend this app! I have really enjoyed this app throughout my pregnancy and look at it daily. However, I have noticed that many of the recent updates have continued to take away features that I found useful—such as the previous forums and now even just a general search capability is gone. 

I wish they would continue to enhance instead of decrement the app with useful tools.

Not enough to make me stop using, but I guess I’ll refer to google searches instead of in-app browsing for things I want to learn. I absolutely love this app. I downloaded several others before stumbling upon this on and man had I been missing out! This app doesn’t only provide weekly updates for tracking your pregnancy, it also gives you daily reads with information that I actually want to read. I would recommend this app to anyone who is pregnant and wants to know everything possible about pregnancy. ❤️❤️❤️❤️ I’m on my 4th pregnancy and I’ve tried all the apps. This one is my favorite by far. I wish I had found it on my first pregnancy. It gives you TONS of info, articles, the best 3-D pic of baby in your belly I’ve seen. I love the to-do lists for each week and the count down pictures! Especially if your on your first pregnancy, save yourself all the research and just read what they give you is this app. It tells all! Overall I love this app. It’s full of lots of great info for a first time mom like me. I also really like the “Real Answers” page. I can see that other moms have the same questions I do. 
However...
My biggest annoyance about this app is that I can’t search for articles! There have been ones I’ve read in a particular week, but when I want to refer back to them I can’t find them and there’s no way to search for them. Surely you can add a search box somewhere?? Their is always room for improvement, but with that being said this app has done just that. They have continued to make TheBump better just since I began my pregnancy journey with it in the last three months. Their are still a couple of tweaks to be made (and some more imagery would be appreciated), but the app is very informative. TheBump has kept me well read and entertained with all things pregnancy related this far. - Lana I am updating my review because the bump app gave me helpful information during my pregnancy with our first child, and I loved the pictures of what size the baby was each week. I enjoy the post delivery information as well, and most recently when the app wasn’t working and I let them know through my review  I received a very fast response about an update fixing the problem. Great app! The app is great for countdown however several users have expressed the need for the there being an option to change the skin color of the explore baby. As of now, the explore baby only represents one skin tone which does not accurately reflect the many ethnicities, races, and skin tones of moms and their baby. Having the option to select different skin shades for the baby image represents diversity and inclusion which I hope is taken very seriously here. As this is an important topic for your users to feel inclusive. Instead of addressing the concern the support team keeps glossing off the feedback and or deleting it. This makes me not want to use this app anymore The part where you can see a 3D image of what baby should look like and the small amount of text explaining what is going on each week is cute. Don't even dare go to community support. The women that use this app are so rude and report you over nothing. They also have too many rules on the boards. I'm pretty nice and I am a third time mom. I know a decent amount of stuff but I also support natural ways of doing things and that is too offensive to these women. There are a lot of ads which is annoying and are the articles work like a Facebook feed but are so poorly written it's unbelievable. Have been using this app every single day. It has 3D models to show you what baby should look like and how big it is at your stage of pregnancy. I had my first ultrasound yesterday and the prediction was spot on. I’ve ready a lot of articles and tips on this app that have been extremely helpful. I’ve had other pregnancy apps but this one has been my favorite But one thing I would ask them to do away with is the daily facts. For the most part, it’s nonsensical measurements like “your baby’s index finger is the size of a troll doll.” Like I’m not kidding, it’s that comical. Or “your baby is the size of a violin.” How about just give us the metric system? Nitpicky, sure, but a valid suggestion. My husband and I would get a chuckle at these “measurements.” I love being able to have an update with many articles to read every week . I also like the baby and my body diagrams that zoom in on certain parts to explain what is growing or happening. The bump also sends me helpful emails with other articles about what’s helpful things to buy, or advice, or even tips for the pregnancy and baby. Great app! It has so much information! It has things like comparison in sizes to plants, books, objects to put a picture in your mind how big your baby really is! It also shows details on what baby looks like in 3D, as well as what baby inside the body looks like too! Second baby and I’m still learning stuff from this app! I loved using this app throughout my pregnancy, especially because I could never remember what week I was. I enjoyed being able to compare the sizes each week (my son loved the comparison to fruits/vegetables) although my baby was always measuring 2 weeks bigger. I enjoyed the tips and the development of my baby. I am enjoying it now also post-partum. And learning about the stages. There are many options to choose from but being a first time mother this calm soothes the soul. The graphics are beautiful and less daunting as other apps have overwhelming 3D photos and less cohesive organization. The information flows nicely and has so far been super helpful and easy to digest because it’s platform makes sense. Would recommend it to every mother. The Bump is an incredible wealth of information that kept me prepared for all of the things that could come up during my pregnancy and after the fact! I love that their advice was all backed by medical professionals and the great insights I got from guest blogs by other moms. I also loved that they helped me pace out different tasks along the way with their weekly schedules. Definitely recommend. I love this app and have used it for both of my boys. It helps to ease your mind by listing common and weird symptoms you’ll have during pregnancy. The detailed milestones and illustrations are far better than any other pregnancy app I’ve used. They also have a postpartum portion for the first year of your child’s developmental stages to help track immunizations and commonly acquired skills at each age. Love it! I absolutely love this app. As a first time mom, I did what any of us would do: I went to the internet to find an app that I could track my pregnancy with. I stumbled across The Bump, and it is SO much more than just a week-by-week tracker. There’s blogs and forums, and tons of articles about different things you might be experiencing on any given day, based on your due date. I highly recommend this app to any mom, first time or not. This app is free which is why I was initially drawn but it is a very fun app! It has daily facts/sizes of the baby along with whatever fruit or vegetables the baby compared to that week. The best part is the 3D models of the baby and mother by week! There’s also lots of helpful articles for where you are at in your pregnancy! Hands down my favorite app in pregnancy, I’m a nurse too so it’s cool to have this as a resource! This has been an amazing app! Almost everything about it is amazing! Occasionally the timeline reads are a bit off but what ever lol. I’ve had ca purple of issues..i find the “ask a question”  gets weird, I’ve had to log back in before I’ll even see it...sometimes when I type a question up it won’t let me post it.. I’ve had to rely on google for questions now... and sometimes some of the pages get all weird and glitchy :( please fix these. 
Love this app, just needs a couple things fixed... I love this app and the little tidbits of information. Recently though, I was a little disappointed when I noticed the last few days, I didn’t get a daily comparison/size reference. Aside from the image of the fruit for the week, there’s typically a brief sentence or two (talking about the size of baby’s fist, they weigh as much as a soda, etc.) underneath the illustration. It gave me something new to look forward to everyday.  Although, the rest of the app is great. I have been using this app for about three years now one for my first pregnancy and it continues as time goes on after birth and and now I’m having another little girl two years later and just added her to it! I tried other apps but they just weren’t as helpful and fact filled as the bump pregnancy app! By far my favorite app during pregnancy! The interface is fun and interactive. They have a lore creative approach to depicting the baby size by week - my family loved my text updates of what he was (beanie baby, lunch box, helmet were the favorites). The emails are also much better in terms of content than the others, I always made sure to check them out. This is the best app you can use for your whole pregnancy and a whole year after your baby is born. I get emotional sometimes just going back through the pictures and seeing my whole journey with my baby. I love that every week The Bump App would send me information about my pregnancy or about my baby I just love it. I recommend this up to all the future baby mamas App is good for general average knowledge of what happens per month in pregnancy. Which it had options if mother is older or a specific race or if they have other health issues while pregnant (Ex: diabetes, overweight). Also it doesn’t update information if you are already a mother and have other small children while pregnant. That way the information can be more curated to what the person is going through or would like to know depending on how far along they are. Love this app! I’m a young pregnant lady and I have no clue what’s going on with my body.... that being said I have like 5 baby apps downloaded but this one tells me way more than the others. I can see what foods to avoid and what ones are best for the baby. Along with that I can pretty much look up any question I have and find an article about what’s going on. Over all the best pregnancy/baby app I’ve found so far! A lot of apps just give you the weekly fruit or vegetable that your baby is the size of, which this one does too, but additionally it gives you daily facts. I get excited every morning to see what the daily facts are like your baby is as tall as a box of tissues or its feet are the size of gummy bears.

The articles are easy reads but do not replace the need to read books or whatever your source of baby education is. I’ve used this app for both of my pregnancies starting about 4 years ago. It has been so helpful, informative, and fun. It has even helped put my mind at ease with some of the more off the wall pregnancy symptoms! I’ve tried some other apps but the Bump is the most user friendly. The name tools are an amazing way to help narrow things down. Can never get my photos to load. Have to try over 30 times to always end up getting a “sorry there seems to be some interruption, try again later”. Supports no help either. Got rude emails basically saying I’m lying. Highly doubt I’m the only person have issues with uploading pictures. The bug in your photo upload needs fixes it’s absolutely ridiculous.!!! I’ve logged out several times, turned off access to photos, turned it back on, tried a different week. Anddddd still sits there and loads for ever to me getting an error message. Great app, lots of features including articles, pregnancy & weight trackers, picture album you can upload to, and a baby names database where you can make a list of favorite names. I’m currently pregnant for the 2nd time and one of the 1st things I did after finding out was download this app, which I had used during my 1st pregnancy as well. As a first time mom, I’m so thankful I have this app to get me through my pregnancy! Lots of helpful articles, tracks growth of not only the baby, but the mom’s body too, gives daily updates, has a helpful weekly checklist, and so many more features. This app was recommended to me by another first time mommy and I’m so thankful for it and will use it again in the future! I would highly recommend this app for pregnant women. This is my first pregnancy and I have absolutely loved the weekly informational updates along with the pictures sharing new things about baby and my own changing body. There are helpful weekly articles that you can read about too and save and re-read at a later time. This app is very interactive and has soo many cool features that I didn’t know about before getting the app. It has a 3D view of what baby looks like in your stomach which has been pretty cool, everything you need to know about the week you’re on and a checklist to go along with it. My first pregnancy I used all the apps. But i seemed to stick with this one. It was essy and there was a lot of helpful info. But you can see what the baby is supposed to look like. As well as the mother too. It even goes after there one years old. I have an almost 2 year old and i still learn things about her age from it. It’s a great app with lots of info and I love the layout. My only complaint is that there’s lots of people out their having babies on their own and the stuff about partners that pops up on your feed without warning is a bit triggering. Maybe put all of that in its own section instead of assuming every pregnant person has a partner? Other than that it’s a great app! Best one so far , I been using this app since I was pregnant with my second child ,She’s now 6 years old and now I’m pregnant with my 4th and last baby and is so cool I have all the pictures and symptoms I have for every week from all my pregnancies for every week , I didn’t get to do this with my first child I wish I would of found out about this app sooner. I enjoy getting my weekly updates of my little man growing through you’re app/website. I had my first born in 2011 and then went through a procedure in 2013 that lead me to believe I was unable to have more children. After trying since 2015 it finally happened. I am 25 weeks pregnant and can’t wait to meet my lil guy. This app comes in handy especially since I am a first time mom. I have a nurse that comes to my home bi weekly. She comes to my home to educate me on the whole giving birth process and also what to expect during my pregnancy. This app is so spot on. I get all the information I need plus more. I am able to have a full blown conversation with my nurse and actually know what she is talking about because of this app!! Thank you ! I have been using this app during my entire pregnancy & after I had my child. It has been extremely helpful in calming any of my anxieties after the birth of my child. It also did a great job of explaining all the changes I was experiencing throughout my pregnancy which also eased my mind. I would definitely recommend to anyone! This app helped me so much through my first pregnancy. I understood all the changes my baby and I were going through, which made everything less stressful. I am now on my third pregnancy and still enjoying this app to track my pregnancy while still keeping up with my other kid’s development, thanks to their multi-profile feature. I started using What to expect, but couldn’t stand some of the language, and the narrator. Most of their informations was also more like fun facts and less educational. 

I love how the bump ties how changes i  your body leads to the sensations you are feeling, the way they show how far along you are and how much more you have to go. The app is super nice with their 3D baby and Mom diagram. Most apps base of the date of your last period and I know thats typical but this app actually allows you to base it off the day of conception which to me is just more accurate and makes more sense. I love all the helpful articles. My favorite part is the daily comparison thing like “today baby is as tall as a lego man”. It’s very cool. I also love the 3D visual of baby. Overall just love this app :) I love how there’s a weekly report that shows me what’s going on with the baby and with my body! There’s also daily articles to check out, a nice planner to keep up with appointments, and a checklist to help keep track of things I might forget to do. There’s also little videos and pictures to better visualize what’s going on and very helpful tips/advice. I love this app and my husband does too! The app is fun and informative. I love checking it every week to see what size fruit  the baby is and to know what symptoms to expect. The only thing that I don’t like is that they clearly haven’t done any editing for covid... being told to start planning my babymoon and that other moms wish they had gone on more dates before baby came isn’t exactly helpful while I’m stuck at home wishing desperately that I could do those things! I absolutely love this app. The way it’s organized is so pretty and clean and each day they have new updates and articles for you to read about your baby and pregnancy. Everyday it tells you the size of your baby on that day compared to something (food, objects) which is so fun to look at daily. My husband and I have fun guessing what’s the size of our baby today. Definitely recommend! I have never reviewed an app before, but I had to put in my two cents for the bump. As a first time mom, i LOVED this app. The articles it shares daily/weekly were very informative, helpful, and made me feel prepared. 

The looked forward to the weekly updates on baby, and relished the experience of watching her grow on the app. It made me feel very connected to baby. 

Thanks bump!!!! Great for keeping up with what’s going on with your body and how the baby is developing week to week. My husband and I looked forward to Monday’s when we got the notification that it was another week down and seeing what fruit/veggie they were! The articles and tips were super helpful for this first time mom. Would highly recommend to all new moms! It’s a fun way to keep track of your progress! This was my favorite app to check before bed each night while I was pregnant. I would read the fun fact of the day to my husband and read a few of the suggested articles. Now that baby is born, I am still finding it to be helpful at learning new information as it becomes relevant for my child’s age. Thanks for a great app! Although every pregnancy is different reading articles about possibilities and what can be expected each week was very helpful. Most my questions were answered by the helpful articles before I needed to ask to my physician about every single change in my body. 

Also imagining your baby’s size in the womb with veggies is very fun! Best app for pregnancy and after delivery. Every week during my pregnancy I got updates on what was going on with my baby, myself and any symptoms that I may experience. My OB was not very educational so this app reassured me that my symptoms were normal. Now that I had my son this app has tons of good articles on newborns, breastfeeding and anything you need to know about baby. Absolutely love this app. I like this app a lot. This is my 3rd pregnancy and I’ve used it each time. I love seeing how big the baby gets week by week and the 3D images of baby/“my body” are so cool. The articles are pretty good, too. I felt very guided through my first pregnancy with the checklist. And with subsequent pregnancies I use the app less, but still thoroughly enjoy it as a fun way to learn about my body. I’m pregnant with my first child & both my husband and I love The Bump! From the daily updates in baby’s size (as my my husband says, “there’s never a shortage of items baby could be”) to the amazing articles (again daily). It’s helped keep me in the loop on all the facts and figures I’ll need to know. I enjoy sharing with family & friends baby’s size as we progress through this journey! Love the app! it’s actually quite good. i’m going to be a first time mom so it has a lot of information about things i wouldn’t know to ask about. the cute fruits a veggies keep you updated on how big the baby is and it’s fun to see. you can upload your belly every week to keep track of baby growing. in the real questions feed i wish there were a lot more questions, like i said it hard to think of what kind of questions to ask. there needs to be a bigger variety in that section, but overall i recommend this to new mommies or even to ones who’ve had more than one. it’s always fun to be learning new things and to even get ideas on what’s best to buy or what to feed yourself. many curiosities were answered simply by just opening the app. thanks the bump :-) We used this when pregnant with our first baby and it was really helpful. Now that we’re pregnant again, there’s still new information in the articles and it’s always good to be reminded of a few things you may have forgotten, too. App is quick and clean, no issues running. Four stars because I do wish they would address subsequent kids too. Maybe some articles that help prepare kids for siblings, you know? I absolutely love The Bump! I am pregnant with my first child and every day is something new. It’s been so calming and fun to read about baby’s development, my body and what I should expect to be feeling. I tried a few apps and this one was by far the best. It’s succinct, fun to use and I love the daily articles and images of baby! Recommend to anyone! Really easy to navigate through. We absolutely love the little size comparison updates we get daily, makes the pregnancy a little more real to just have a estimate size on your baby.  Also helps me better understand what my partner is going through, what to expect and how to pre plan for all the little things so I can be better for her. I am currently pregnant with my third baby and I have used this app since my first pregnancy and it is seriously the BEST! So much great information and I love the 3D diagrams of baby and mom’s body. All the weekly information on baby development is my favorite! I love keeping up with how my baby is growing and when all the important body functions develop 💙
Highly recommend!!! two weeks ago my baby was the "size of a magic 8 ball," now it's the "size of an avocado." hmm, did it shrink? i like the idea of the size comparisons, but they are all over the place, so i don't really take them that seriously. 
also didn't find any support in the beginning, as someone who didn't plan my pregnancy and who was ambivalent and depressed at first. i'm happy now, but it was really hard finding these points of view.
i can't look at the forums anymore because so many responders are completely judgmental and negative. 
the symptoms for each week are pretty much right on, and i find those comforting and helpful to know i'm not alone and things are "normal" so to speak. 
the articles about products (maternity clothes, baby registry, etc) just assume you are rich, so take these with a grain of salt. I love this app over the other apps because of the daily baby updates. This is my second baby however my first born was born in July 2011 so I feel like it’s my first all over again. I love logging in and seeing how big baby is daily or what new things are developing. I’d definitely recommend this app for expecting parents! I don’t understand why there’s an issue every time I go to the “my body” tab to see stuff about myself for the week, it’s getting really annoying now. UPDATE: I wrote that review while pregnant and I still haven’t had any problems besides that, I’m not sure if they’ve updated that feature since I had my baby almost 5 months ago but I’ve loved this app for a year now I am a newly expecting mother! I am only 5 weeks along in my first pregnancy and this app helps me understand what is going on with my body and the baby’s body throughout the pregnancy! I love all of the little articles and tips that I can find. My favorite part is the interactive weekly progress of the baby! It’s so neat to find out what’s going on so in depth! I would recommend this app to anyone who’s expecting! I kept stumbling on the app’s article pages for the millions of questions that come up when you’re pregnant. -figured I’d give it a try. I love it. It gives good information every day on things to consider and important things to know during your pregnancy. I haven’t told anyone but my husband yet, so this is helpful for all of those things I need to make sure I’m doing/not doing. I wonder if these reviews are even real. I have all the popular pregnancy apps on my phone. This one has the worst layout and the community is a terrible to navigate. 
I didn’t even know it had a community you kinda just have to find it. And once I did I wanted to answer a question and this buggy app makes me log in. Which if I’m not logged in then whose baby updates am I reading? So I log in and I lose the thread I was interested in and now I cannot find the same group of threads any more. It just took me back to a place with more articles I’m not interested in right now. 
Super frustrating interface. When I first got this app in the beginning of my pregnancy, I absolutely loved it. It would tell me different things each day of how much my baby had grown. In example a few days ago before I updated this app it had said my baby’s foot was the size of a paper clip. I loved that feature, it was the only thing that made this app stand out against the rest. And the new update got rid of it. That’s why I gave it three stars instead of five, it’s still a neat app but not the same as before. I honestly did not want to download an app. I feel like everything can be over dramatized and hate extra apps on my screen but I can’t deny I check the app every day. The daily reads are nice. They are not focused just in commercialized products and include helpful information. It’s fun to tell family what size the baby is and updates everyday. Of course it’s not 100% spot on because every woman/pregnancy is different but I enjoy the daily reads & weekly updates. I actually look forward to it. It still very informative whether it directly applies to me or not. It’s also very neat how they have everything you need in one place ; contraction / kick counter , hospital bag checklist , baby registry ideas & so on. I’m actually a dad to be but this app has been very helpful. It’s helped me to understand what my wife is going through so that I can be more supportive and even proactive with certain things like helping her combat the symptoms and calm some of her nerves. I like to be prepared and to know what to expect and this app is helping with that! Would recommend even to dads to be. Everything from the description of symptoms to the 3D view of you and baby (so cool), is so interesting, informative and helpful. I also like the articles they post. I am pretty sure it’s actually developed by women who have been pregnant before, because it really hits home! I checked out a couple of apps but this one is definitely the best by far!! One of the best app for new moms. It gives you weekly, monthly updates on almost everything you need to know about your baby.

Tinybeans is another amazing app. It saves all the wonderful memories of your bundle of joy. It’s very educational and easy to use. 

Please download tinybeans in addition. You will not regret it. I’m a first time mom and there is no way I’d remember all of my daughter’s milestones if I didn’t use this app🤗. I love the app we’re having our first and this app keeps me informed, and anything interesting I read or see I let the better half know just to share. They don’t really have support or info for dads. I guess it being my first I’m like way too interested in what’s going on and how I can help, but at times it gets a bit nerve racking. So basically I love the app just think adding things from a dads perspective, or be able to switch from mom or dad. As a first time mom/preggers, I had so many questions and was constantly googling everything there was to know about my growing baby. I would literally wait until midnight when I knew the week would change so I could check on what was developing and how she was doing! The graphics and blogs were also really cool and interesting. I would recommend this app to any first time mommy! The first thing I did after I found out that I was pregnant was download all the pregnancy apps that I could find. The Bump is one of the only apps that I found where they have frequent questions and answers on the app itself, every other one I’ve used takes you to a different link. 

This app shows me how much my sweet baby grows each week and tells me how much he/she is developing! My OBGYN recommended this app because it has the most accurate information regarding pregnancy. I downloaded 3-4 pregnancy apps, and I definitely appreciate agree with her. It has the least amount of advertisements, which is a plus. I also love the 3D views of the baby and the mom’s body. It’s super helpful to see the progression visually. Highly recommend this app! This is my first baby, and I was introduced to this app by my sister in law. My husband and I love checking it weekly, and reading the weekly updates about our little one. It is helpful to me with the additional articles about health, food and birthing options to consider during pregnancy. I’m excited to go through my entire pregnancy with this app by my side! I used the bump app to track my twins two years ago and now I am using it again to track our newest family member. I love being able to understand what my wife is going through as well as the ability to track our baby’s progress. This app is a must for anyone expecting I’m pregnant with my first child and I’ve tried multiple apps upon recommendations from my friends, and this has by far been the most helpful. I personally turn to the real answers section frequently, as hearing from others experiences is very helpful. I like the week by week breakdown of baby’s growth and momma’s body changes. This was my first pregnancy and all the daily articles to read were soooo helpful! I learned so much from them that not even my OBGYN told me. It was also so cool to see the diagrams of how big your baby is supposed to be at that gs age. I had my son early, and was able to make that change in the app and now it gives me post delivery articles to read. I love it! I can’t say enough good things about this app. I’ve used it with both pregnancies as well as planning for the 2nd. It’s user friendly, full of helpful info, and actually fun to use. 

Comparison: I tried using Flo to help plan my 2nd pregnancy, but found that is was not as user-friendly or fun. Flo also lacks a lot when it comes to tracking your pregnancy. My fiancée and I love the daily facts as well as being about to visualize our son in the womb. We look forward to seeing “what he looks like” every week. We are in week 24 and the advice about each step/week has been amazing. We love sharing all of this information with the “grandparents to be” and to see and hear their reactions. Also, the advice to get a baby Doppler was terrific. Thank you! I use this app EVERDAY! I am currently 10 weeks with many questions. When I open my app, the articles usually answer my questions and I have that “ahh haa” moment. My husband and I like to read the articles together — or I send them to him when he’s not around. I know we have a long way to go but it’s super fun to check the week by week progress of what to expect with the baby and my body. I’ve been using this and the what to expect app. I wouldn’t say one is significantly better than the other but the thing I do like about The Bump is they update their articles every day. The weekly update is always useful. Don’t know how people knew what was going on in their pregnancy before these apps. Great info to have. I used this app with my first pregnancy but never asked questions in their community forums. I lost my second baby at 10 weeks but returned to using the app for my third pregnancy and asked my first question. The response was absolutely horrible, saying that my previous miscarriage caused drama in my friends like and that’s why she doesn’t care about my new pregnancy. I reported the post as well as writing a long note to the admin, I highly recommend using a different app that isn’t widely known for housing abusive responses and allowing bullies to continue posting. Just google reviews for this app there are countless women who will corroborate my feelings. I’ve tried a few of the other apps and this is by far the most informative and user friendly, FOR FREE! I love the week by week updates, symptoms, and comparisons to fruit. As a first time expecting mom I don’t feel so much in the dark with what I’m feeling or should expect. I recommend this to anyone that will listen. I am very grateful for this app! Still in my first trimester and unsure what’s “normal” I read it everyday and find the health article informative and helpful. My partner has downloaded it as well so he knows how me and our baby are progressing.

The only thing I don’t like is all the baby naming tips. Are people really going online to pick baby names? Deciding to share this app with her helps us feel closer because I stay close to what she’s experiencing and discovering.
Another aspect I appreciate is the app’s simplicity.
I tried another app that included videos and music to describe stages and images. I prefer the efficiency of touching a link that allows an easy to read summary and I love the 3D images. I love using this app the track my pregnancy with my 4th baby however I think it would be really awesome if there was an option available for the type of birth you’re having and so you can track the weeks you have left of you’re going to have a C-section. It tells me I have 14 weeks left but I am having a c-section so my baby will be born sometime in November instead of December. Originally downloaded this app to follow along with baby’s development, but soon realized that the articles were a nightly must, and the checklists provided reminders for things I didn’t think of OR didn’t think I needed to do so early (but glad I did). Extremely happy with this app! I personally haven’t noticed any of the issues others have mentioned. Happy mommy-to-be! Thank Bump! Both my husband and I have this app and it’s amazing, not only for before but for after baby as well. It’s a one stop app, it has all the counters and trackers you need and really fantastic articles tailored to your profile. Can’t recommend it enough for both the pregnant person and the partner! I’m 23 weeks today and have been using the app since I was 5 weeks. I absolutely love the app, everyday it tells you a cute little fact about baby like “their as big as”, “or as tall as”, fingers and toes development, etc. The information and details are great! I definitely recommend to first time mommies or those who are 2nd, 3rd, etc. As someone going through their first pregnancy this app has been extremely helpful in so many different ways. From conception to living life with your baby this app covers absolutely everything you could even need or want to know. I highly recommend this app for anyone going though this beautiful yet scary time!!!! Anytime I feel like this pregnancy is dragging on, I pop into the bump app for a pick me up. Their interactive baby and mama model is the most helpful I’ve found and the daily fact has me checking in every morning (today, baby is the size of some folded up sunglasses). The daily articles are helpful and relevant. This is by far the best pregnancy app I’ve found! Keeps you informed and up to date on all the new thing’s happening with your body and what’s going on with baby! Each day it gives you fun facts about the baby and at the beginning of each new week in your pregnancy it gives you a rundown on what to expect! I love this app! I used it throughout my pregnancy and now as my child grows. I love the community forums and use them a lot for general baby questions. However, the app makes the community forums very difficult to navigate. I think the user interface should be updated. Still five stars, it’s a great app. I’ve tried other apps but they just don’t have the amount of information nor the 3D visuals for each week that The Bump has. There are helpful tips, articles and networking with other expecting moms. Thank you for making an easy and fun way to read up on my baby each week. I am now at my 8th month in pregnancy, and the Bump app has given me something forward to (besides baby) every Sunday whenever my new week starts. I enjoy all of the information given. It’s put my mind at ease a few times and now I’ll be packing my hospital bag set by their advice. I greatly appreciate this app. Also, I love that it’s so easy to navigate! Thank you BUMP ♥️ Okay to be fair, most pregnancy apps are horrible. This would be one of the better ones out there. But still! It’s like going to a 90s website. So much blog articles thrown in your face then much perks and just information overload. Can I please have the option to remove them or atleast not see them for now? I just want to see the weekly updates and the forecast. But no! There’s like perks and gifts and insights (not helpful) and dashboards where the logging of activities is not well-designed. Ugh! Too much really. Loved the app throughout my first pregnancy. Learning each week what was changing for my baby and what symptoms and changes I could expect in my own body were helpful and one of the highlights of my week.

Lots of very helpful articles from understanding changes in my body to recommendations as we put together our registry.

The biggest drawback is the lack of resources for moms who choose low-intervention and natural births. There's a clear bias towards very westernized births, with leanings that - though common practices - go against CDC recommendatioms (ie. Inductions and use of Pitocin).

Overall, super great, but became less useful as I reached the end of my pregnancy and the contents of the app and articles were less relevant and helpful. I love how informative this app has been, the 3D imagines it shows of the baby and “my” body throughout the pregnancy has helped my boyfriend better understand what is going on and the articles they suggest have been helpful as well. I would recommend using The Bump especially if you are a first time mom to be like I am. Even if you aren’t it’s still very helpful. I’m really enjoying this app I wish they had this when I was having my children yes I’m gonna be a grandma and to read and see how our little one is growing and to learn about all our daughter is going through it’s just a reminder of what I experienced many years ago! This app is very informative and I’ll share it with my girlfriends that will soon be grandmothers thanks! Not sure what happened, but the daily fact about the baby disappeared with the new update.  Frankly, after the 3-d baby feature, the daily facts were our favorite part.  Those fun size tidbits kept us both engaged and coming back for more.   Without them, it’s unlikely we’ll use the app everyday like we have. 

We do love the 3-D feature and will continue to be fascinated “watching our baby grow” I am a first time mom and 5 weeks pregnant. As I've been preparing for this journey, I've downloaded multiple pregnancy apps. I expected a lot more from What to Expect and was disappointed. I came across this app and it is my absolute favorite so far! The articles are extremely helpful and relevant, and it gives me so much information and insight about my growing baby. I love this app. This app has a lot of great articles & I love the daily/weekly updates on how my baby is progressing, but it drains my battery so fast. I lose 10% after reading one article. My suggestion is, use this app at home near your charger. I would give more stars if it weren’t for this issue. 
I don’t use the message boards as I haven’t heard good things about them. I prefer the built in articles! 
Try Ovia. I really like it. Very similar app, but I don’t have to worry about my phone being dead! I’ve tried several apps to track my pregnancy journey. The Bump beats out the other apps in every category. The articles served are informative and are written in a more serious tone than other apps, which I prefer. I love the 3D imagery by pregnancy week and enjoy being able to explore baby names in the same place. I love the aesthetics of this apps. It’s much easier to navigate and read through than other apps I’ve used. I wished they have more variety in their articles - new moms, experienced moms, etc. The articles are geared towards new moms - I’m on my second - but nonetheless, it’s a great reminder of what I need to do and some of the basics that I forgot. Still love the app!! I love this app! I used it with my first born son over 4 years ago and now I’m using it again for the birth our daughter. It’s easy to navigate, organized, has great graphics and information and I especially love being able to see the estimated growth of my baby and the 3-D graphics of baby and Mama. Such a great app!! I love the daily fun facts about baby’s growth, the weekly pregnancy updates, and the many articles containing valuable mom-to-be info. 

I don’t love the catty, largely unmoderated message boards, or the frequent grammatical issues in published articles (please hire a copy editor!). 

I joined The Bump in search of a pregnancy community but let me tell you: this isn’t it. I’ll stick around for Bump content, though. I love this app! I love that it has so much information on your baby and pregnancy weekly, compared to some of the other apps. This app is also accurate with where I am in my pregnancy. some of my other apps are a couple days behind, but this app is consistent with how many weeks along my doctor says I am. Overall, excellent app! I’m only 6 weeks pregnant, but already loving The Bump! The ability to take a look into our bodies week by week is perfect! The real views/pictures of the baby developing are so cool and so is the insight into what is happening to our bodies. Also perfect for me are the 4 daily articles they give you. It’s not too much information to create massive anxiety, yet they are thoughtful and insightful. Thank you! “I read it for the pictures.” Honestly, followed this app through my entire first pregnancy and now my wife’s pregnancy (yes, bump, queer people make babies), basically just for the lovely illustrations and also the 3D baby you can spin in the body. The articles are poorly written, mama-centric, and once you have a kid they immediately plunge you into how to start hating your body again. It’s a shame because I am sure there are a lot of culturally competent, knowledgable, and interested people who could create better content for this app. This is my first pregnancy, and I’ve been overwhelmed with the amount of information that's been thrown at me. That’s why I like this app because it gives me information as I need it based on my week, and the information is concise, well written, and to the point. I also frequently use the food resource section as it’s user friendly and comprehensive. One of my favorite apps! i love the daily facts of the size of the baby. This is my first baby so i love to see anything about him. I also love the questions it shows you how many moms look at ur question and the moms are very active on this app, other apps it would take days and my questions don’t get answered... the only thing i would want is to add days to how many weeks you are This app helped answer and even provide a lot of medical information that was accurate during my pregnancy. I would verify the information with my OB/GYN. It helped me track baby’s size, development, and what week I was on. The articles about induction helped me know ahead of time that unless there is a medical reason it is best to wait for baby to come on his own. I find this app way more useful than the What to Expect app. Articles are more informative and relevant and it’s laid out very well. The weekly progress tracker is super cool as you can see the baby in 3D. Wish there was a contraction timer, a kick counter, and maybe a birth plan template built in but it sounds like these features will be added soon. My husband and I are first time parents so we are muddling our way through parenthood. I loved the Bump when pregnant. Initially I was just wanting an app to tell me my progress & baby’s development throughout pregnancy. Now afterward having baby I use this app and get useful information from it all the time. Like one review said some of the articles are repetitive with new pictures but overall good app. From pregnancy to after our baby got here, The Bump has been incredible! It keeps things simple and offers articles with info I never would’ve thought I needed as a first time mom. I’ve recommended this app to several friends on their pregnancy journeys and will continue to do so. This app has really helped me navigate pregnancy as a first time mom on all topics. I was on this app multiple times a day reading and searching for anything I was curious about. I’ve just given birth and found out it continues on which I am thrilled about. Highly recommend this app for all things pregnancy and beyond! I used the bump app for my first pregnancy 3 years ago and chose to use it a again for my 2nd pregnancy. It’s goes in to detail of how I could be feeling at how many weeks I am plus what the baby looks like. I’m also able to upload weekly pictures plus a journal of how I’m feeling each week. I’ve loved this app throughout my pregnancy. It’s fun to keep track of development milestones by week, well written weekly summaries, and links to endless, timely additional articles and resources. My favorite feature is the 3D view of both baby and bump that points out fun facts about physical developments that week or relevant symptoms. I love the tracking milestones even when my baby is no longer “the bump” anymore! I have checked this app every week when I was pregnant and every month now that he’s running around! I think all of the articles on here have been helpful at some point and time throughout this whole journey of new motherhood. I love the baby names feature! It’s way better than all the others I’ve tried. I like the popularity charts, meanings, and sorting options.
The other features are great, too, like the baby updates, articles, etc.
My main complaint of the app is the prominent banner that says I’m having a Virgo baby- I don’t like astrology and I don’t want to be reminded of it every time I log on. Going on my 6th year with The Bump and I’m always highly satisfied. Helps me keep track of where I am in my pregnancy and keep track of my older kiddos and the stages they’re in just by the click of a button. Would recommend! Especially for new moms, this app gave me a great running start and advice on a lot of my new mom questions! This app has lots of great features: daily articles, 3D imaging of what the baby currently looks like, details about how the mother’s body feels, spots for weekly photos as the bump grows, and more. I enjoy seeing how big my baby is compared to fruit each week as well. Sometimes I don’t find the articles useful, however other times I read all 3-5 new ones! Excited to check in every week and see the updates, but please please have someone comb through and make some COVID updates. It’s hard enough being pregnant during a pandemic without having the app suggest it would be a “fabulous time to schedule a prenatal massage” or to “take advantage of the perk of getting offered a seat on a crowded train” it would take an hour or two for someone to tweak those weekly blurbs and make it feel more relevant for us pregnant pandemic women 😂 I love this app! I used it when I was pregnant with my son two years ago and still to this day it updates me with what’s new with him weekly.  Now I’m pregnant with my second son and using it for this pregnancy and I just love how every week it tells you a little about baby and what’s going on inside my belly.  It definitely gets me excited to meet him. This app has been great so far, but I’m at 26 weeks and for some reason the app keeps crashing. We’ve turned off our phone and turned it back on; we’ve uninstalled and reinstalled the app, and it still just crashes before I can log in. I’m not trying to be a Karen. I just want to see what the app has to say next. Is there a legitimate solution for this predicament? Overall a great source of information with plenty of articles and I love the access to real answers to your questions by other moms! Some of the daily size comparisons seemed sort of inconsistent. My biggest complaint would be that the app doesn’t cater to multiples a ton. You are able to put in that you’re having twins/multiples but it doesn’t change any of the information you get and they still refer to one baby in their weekly and daily updates. It’s been fun tracking the baby’s update. I told my husband the baby was the size of a blueberry and now he randomly asks, “which fruit?”That’s his way to get the baby conversation started lately. Every new fruit comes with an article on what’s new for baby and mom’s development. I’ve learned so much from this app. If you want to keep on reading there are endless articles. I loved this app until I realized that the daily facts aren’t accurate at all. For example: I’m currently 26 weeks and according to the app, my baby is over 14” long. Yet the daily facts use size comparisons that are nowhere near 14” and according to the app, my baby is getting smaller as my pregnancy progresses??? She’s gone from being as tall as a mockingbird (11”) to the length of a ping pong paddle 2 days later (10.5”). When I put in a support message to inquire about the discrepancy, my message is deleted. The What to Expect app seems to be far more accurate! I really enjoy this app and all the information and articles. Though one thing I find annoying and confusing as first time preggo, is the daily facts. Maybe they just need to go into more detail but for example the 12 week information says the baby is the size of plum, then yesterday my baby was the size of an rubics cube now today a pack of sugar? I could keep going my point is that it is very inconsistent. I added multiple pregnancy apps when I found out I was pregnant. Some could even keep up with the correct weeks I was pregnant and others I just didn’t like. The Bump was the best by far. The information found in the app in has been great to read. I also like that I can ask my own questions if someone else hasn’t already asked it before. I truly have enjoyed this app over every other I held onto. In fact, I ended up deleting the others especially what to expect because they were either annoying or not informative enough. This app has helped me thus far by feeling as though I’m on schedule and in tune with my baby as far as on the inside. ♥️ I thoroughly recommend this app! This app was one of my favorites until they randomly stopped giving you daily facts. That was one of the most enjoyable parts of the pregnancy app was every day getting a new tidbit like “your baby’s hand is the size of x,y,z” but midway through week 21 the daily facts just stopped appearing. When you google it this evidently is an ongoing problem for this app as numerous people have complained. If you could fix this aspect then the app would be 5 stars all the way. It’s just very annoying to get used to seeing something and then all of a sudden it’s gone. Amongst all my pregnancy apps I visit this one the most. It updates with new information daily which is perfect for my “need for information”. The articles are relevant and engaging. Somethings I already know about but is still nice to read up on. the personalized tracker brings a smile to my face often. I love reading through the questions real people have. It’s almost as if they were made for me! Overall this ones my favorite. Very informative. However, the daily facts about the baby's size are off sometimes. I once saw a description used previously during the early weeks used again far along in the pregnancy. Overall is has very useful articles, videos, and a community of other people going through the same experience, that one can relate too. I’ve had other baby tracker apps with my previous pregnancies, and now with my upcoming baby I’ve thought of downloading one again and came across the bump. There’s not just information on you and baby along the trimesters, but there are checklists, topics on clothing, yoga, baby registry, dos and donts, etc. Just download it, you’ll see! I like that you can see the size of your baby every week! However, some articles are very useless and not informative at all. I also read an article today about best skincare products for pregnant in the app and in had a Sunscreen on the list that is actually not recommended for pregnant women as it’s a chemical one! Very disappointed and I am glad I did a lot of research about skincare on my own, otherwise I would just trust this app and most likely purchase as I was actively looking for safe skincare products. I used this app with my oldest 7 years ago and didn’t hesitate to download it again with baby number 2. I love the daily reads, the weekly updates, and the virtual baby during the pregnancy weeks. What I love most is that it keeps going when baby gets here with lots of info on sleep, feeding, and milestones too! I recommend this app so so so much! 
I’m going to have my first baby and it has helped me get ready and you never get bored of it, it has such interesting articles, tips, ideas, fun facts! (I’m not a reading person) but this app will make you want to read more & more!!!!!! It’s like a best friend while your pregnant! I got a few books (What to Expect When You’re Expecting, etc.) but only read a chapter or so. This app has been super helpful and something I always have with me, since my phone is always with me. The weekly info is great, and there are also other helpful articles too. I love the app, but it stood out as the best one I had of many when I lost a baby. It was the only one that had an easy way of notifying it I had miscarried and immediately stopping further emails, info, reminders etc.

I am on my 4th pregnancy and I love the 3D interactions and articles etc! Love this app! This is my first pregnancy and this gives me a couple of articles to read daily that are easy to understand- sometimes humorous and things that you didn’t think to ask or something you didn’t even realize you were experiencing. Highly recommend! This app has so many helpful features. The daily reads are fantastic and the weekly appointment checklists really help you stay on top of things to make sure that you’re 100% ready by the time the baby gets here. It also helps you stay on top of everything you need to know after you have the baby. Great app! Best app I’ve ever used. I had this since I was pregnant and it made everything so much easier when I had my baby, I would read all their stuff and it thought me pretty good stuff. I still use it for everything and my baby is already 4 months old, it still surprises me because it has an answer to everything that crosses my mind! I really enjoy scrolling trough the weekly updates and seeing the information about baby’s progress. The ‘real answers’ portion seems superfluous, I would rather ask my girlfriends or midwife any questions I have but I get that not all of us have this support.  I appreciate some of the articles and enjoy getting to click on what interests me. The digital view of baby’s growing body is fascinating! Great pregnancy app! This app is such a cool way to keep track of how your baby is progressing each week. It makes each week so exciting! Looking at what the baby is going to be going through that week and also having a heads up on what symptoms you might experience is amazing. Being able to communicate with other mommy’s is another great way to have support and not feel alone if you’re concerned about something. This app is brilliant and makes being pregnant enjoyable. From the weekly information about how the baby and your body is growing, the built in articles about what to expect and relationship advise. The contraction counter came in handy when I went into labor. Im still enjoying the app now that my bundle is here. But overall, the bump app made staying informed easy and comforting. I’m a first time mom and this app has manage to guide me through out my entire pregnancy. Very informative articles and week by week break down of what is expected. They also have an appointment planner that syncs from your calendar directly to the app. This also breaks down what kind of appointment you will encounter with every trimester. This is definitely a must have for all moms.. The Bump App has given me feelings of “being seen” throughout this pregnancy. Each week it normalizes and humanizes many of the experiences I’m going through in pregnancy, and it gives me such a sense of relief that other moms have these symptoms and feelings too. This app brings in emotional and physical developmental milestones so fluently… I wish it lasted all through infancy! This app is pretty basic and easy to use. It shows you the size of the baby, and what to expect during the week of pregnancy you’re on. It’s fun to see the size of the baby in comparison to fruits and vegetables! This app also helps you to know when to schedule certain appointments. This app had everything I needed as a soon-to-be first-time mom. The weekly rundowns, articles, and weekly views of baby and mom helped me to really feel like I knew what was going on with this whole thing. Would definitely recommend to any pregnant woman or support person! I downloaded this to track my baby during pregnancy and loved it! I didn’t realize you could still use it after baby was born to track age and milestones! There is so much useful information and I love getting notifications to track my baby’s milestones! Definitely recommend! I’m 41 now and it’s been 16 years since my last pregnancy so I don’t remember everything. Found this app and it literally has everything you need…and for free! This is the best pregnancy app with all the info you’ll ever need to know and then some. PLUS, you can find names, their origins, etc and save them. I’m stoked. If u love to keep pictures of your child this is the app for you . i personally love it because since the day i was pregnant which my baby is 4 months now . I have looked back at old pics of her and cherish the times/pictures .  I loooove it so much . Articles on updated baby topics as she and i grow . thank you bump for allowing me to download you for free Used this with our first born. The weekly blurbs and photos were so encouraging! My husband and I both downloaded it and were able to link them. We made it part of our weekly rhythm to read it and it was always so accurate with symptoms and helpful reminders. The only thing I could not figure out was how to search and save/pin articles I had already read to reference later. Beings that I am a FTM, this app helped me out so much! I would look forward to the weekly updates and getting to see the 3D visual of what Abby looked like. I learned a lot and it help answer questions I had! Looking forward to still being able to use this app after baby arrives! Thanks the bump!! I deff recommend this app to any expecting mommies out there!!! My daughter is expecting our first grandchild. She and her husband live in UT and we live in WI. When they announced at Christmas time that they were expecting they gladly shared the app with us so now I can read about the pregnancy every day and see pics of her growing bump. It’s the next best thing to being near her. My mom found out she was pregnant 2 weeks ago and this is the best app to track it no ads and tells you all about everything you need to know I check every single day how big the baby is and check the 3D baby thing you can learn a lot from this app I used this app with my first born and it helped me keep track of my weeks and the food intake for trimesters which is safe and not.. also it’s so cool to see the baby’s growth..

I’m with my second child now and my first born enjoys seeing the baby growth and the size of the baby they compare with fruits or veggies.. 

I recommend this app 100%!! I absolutely love this app! One of my favorite things is the daily fact they have to describe the growth of your baby; I check it everyday. It also gives a lot of information on what to expect in your pregnancy week by week. It’s been really helpful! I highly recommend! ❤️❤️ I love waking up each morning and getting to see a different little fact about the size of my baby. Today it was that my baby could fit in a mug! Tons of educational articles and the weekly updates are super informative. Definitely recommend to anyone who is expecting! I am enjoying the bump because it is very informative. I like the way the app is set up. Of course, follow your gut and remember to take into account you are your best guide through this whole thing. If you experience a loss there is a way to let them know this so you don’t keep getting notifications. I look forward to my weekly updates about my baby’s size and always find the articles they have to be interesting without feeling overloaded with information. I especially love to share articles with my parents on how to grandparent nowadays and share support articles with my partner. I’ve used this app with both of my pregnancies, it’s nice to look in and see how big your little one is and have all of the facts about what you’ll be going through that week or month. I recommend this app to any new mothers that need that little extra reassurance or that worry about their symptoms. This is a great app! I’m a new expecting mom and this app has so much helpful information. Any worried or concerns I have I come straight here. Love the fact you can search for any topic you want or need and how much information they give you on a weekly basis. Only thing I would suggest is to be able to save your favorite articles. I used this app throughout my entire pregnancy.  I used others in the beginning as well, and this one was by far my favorite and only one I kept up with!  The articles are all very helpful and informative.  Staying connected to this app made me feel like I wasn’t alone in so many of the ups and downs of pregnancy, and I am so happy I found it! While this app has great visuals for how your baby is developing, it’s articles are completely biased and doesn’t site the so called “factual information” it’s giving out. At a time in life when women need to feel supported and empowered in life, the reading materials here gives its readers fear and uncertainty. This app seems to be funded by big pharma/big corporation... deleted and will never return. Spend as much $$$ as you can (that means you care more) and succumb to a consumeristic lifestyle for the sake of your baby... Ridiculous app. For your mental health and sanity, I don’t recommend this app for pregnant (or any) women. I truly love this app and help me during my pregnancy to know exactly what was going on during the weeks of pregnancy and postpartum after you have the baby. Also, keeps track from day one when the baby is born and afterwards so it’s right on the dot on all the questions that you may have on breast-feeding and what is normal with your newborn and what not! Great app to have! I appreciate a lot of the information on here but more than occasionally I run into something horribly sexist in the articles they run every week. For example I just read an article about alternative baby showers and read, “ If you decide on a couples' party, just be sure the boys have something (food/beer/guitar hero) to bond over.”

There is also a question and answer feed for Moms that is full of fear and misinformation. 
Because of this kind of sexist language/ attitude I don’t find the app empowering and I am deleting it. Get with the times BUMP. You need to BUST out I look forward to opening this app every morning to see the progress baby makes in just a short 24 hours! From size to development, this app helps you understand what your body is doing at all times. Articles and comments are available for you to connect to other expecting moms. You’ll love this app! Amazing! I check on the app everyday to see how my little one is growing. I recommend this app over all of them. You get 3d images of your baby and even how your body looks. It’s very cool to see all that especially if this is your first pregnancy it’s interesting to see how everything works. This app has been so helpful to me especially since this is my first pregnancy. If you are looking for something that helps you in every area of your pregnancy, not just the size of your baby each week, then this is the one! 
This app offers resources for what comes next. Seriously so helpful! I love having this app alongside my pregnancy! There are so many good articles and resources and it’s fun to hear how baby is growing each week. This app is so much more than I would have expected from a pregnancy app. I can even share articles with people who don’t have the app which I think is awesome. This app is great at informing what happens every week in such detail with the baby’s growth, love all the articles, 3D visual, and what to expect at the doctors office. My daughter was following another app and I told her I downloaded this one, and when I sent her some information she asked “ what app did you get”? So she downloaded it as well. I saw this app on an add and downloaded expecting the basics but it has really helped me through my pregnancy and I love it ! From articles that answered my questions to the tracking of my pregnancy. It has all been amazing and I am now 38 weeks today with a healthy baby boy on the way . Highly recommend this app ! I loved this app. It had helpful articles. Real doctors and professionals suggestions that guided my first pregnancy and real mom question forums I cruised through for my own answers on tricky mom to be questions, problems, and solutions. I have given birth and continue to use for my new baby as it walks me through an entire year of my baby’s life. Not only was it great to see size of baby of where she was in development, the app keeps your focus and provides information to the right topics. In the first trimester, it doesn’t overwhelm you with labor and delivery, as it eased you into being pregnant and learning things you should now around that time. I would highly recommend. I downloaded 3 pregnancy apps before finding The Bump and this app has been my favorite so far. You can see the growth of your baby and changes in your body in 3D, you get fails facts and new reads all of the time. The other apps did not have as many updates or the same cool technology. Also, the app is just cute in general. Definitely recommend! First, I appreciate the fresh, bright design of this app. The colors are cheery and beautiful. The layout is clear and user-friendly. I love watching the progress of my babe, every day even. “Today, your baby’s fist is the size of an m&m.” It brings excitement to each day. I appreciate the informative articles as well. The baby’s growth week to week is so interesting to me. Great app! This is my first baby and my husband and I had no idea what to expect. This app has been a huge help. Everyday it gives you little articles on what to expect and how to handle it. It also tells you the changes in your body that are to be expected each week. And how big your baby is getting 😍Highly recommend! Any questions I had during this pregnancy were answered on the bump. I downloaded it as soon as I found out I was pregnant and I’ve truly enjoyed reading all the articles and seeing how big my baby girl was getting every week. I definitely recommend this baby app. Hopefully you and your partner will enjoy it as much as my husband and I did. This was our first baby and this app was a superb choice! Not only did we love learning about our little girl in the womb week by week and look forward to seeing her progress but we read LOTS of articles after to answer some of the silly questions that would pop up! 
This was detailed, insightful and a must have for New moms for sure! The little bits of education are digestible and make each new week exciting for me to "tune in" to what's going on. I don't need a lengthy article on everything that's going on in my body or with my baby's development!  Keeping things simple and positive, including "what you're feeling is normal" tidbits and other reminders is all I want and need in this app -- very enjoyable. This app not only helps me keep track of my pregnancy but also provides valuable education along the way! There is so much information on the internet I try not to read into it and use only the Bump and my physician as my sources if information When I found out I was pregnant, I downloaded a bunch of pregnancy apps. This is by far my favorite! I love the 3D views and info. The articles are also great and I love being able to keep track of name ideas in the same app. I also love that I can get relevant I for, ideas, and articles for my toddler in the same place! This app is great for tracking pregnancy to help us determine size. The articles are timely and informative but my favorite part is the 3D images each week for mom and baby!! It is so informative! We look forward to seeing, and reading, how our baby has developed each week! ♥️ I have been using this app throughout my pregnancy. I’ve noticed that a lot of the articles and info graphics quote research and statistics dating as far back as 2012. Additionally, the baby size comparisons are inconsistent from week to week. 
The structure of the app is good, with a big weekly update and daily facts and articles, but I would find it much more helpful if the catalogue of information were brought up to date. I love following the growth of my baby on the Bump app. The visualizations are great - my first daughter asks me to see the baby on the phone since it won’t yet come out of the belly ! The tid bits of what’s happening this week are fun and informative to read making the 9 month wait just a little more bearable! It’s been a joy to read through the weekly updates and daily articles. This is my first pregnancy so I have no idea what to expect, this app is what I open and read every day to make sure I understand the changes in my body and what is to come. I have used this app through 2 pregnancies. My oldest is 3 and youngest is 2 months. It has sent me emails and updates about milestones and things I had never considered. Even taught me new things with my second child that I didn’t think of with my first. Definitely my favorite app, and I tried a few. The daily articles bring me so much joy to read. Every day there is something new that I always feel applies to me at that stage. I also just love seeing the different fruit accompanied with each week. While not feeling very pregnant yet, it’s fun to watch the progression on the app and what to expect I absolutely love this app! This app was extremely useful during my pregnancy. It provided information on both the fetal development as well as the changes my body went through. It has continued to guide me through my baby’s developmental milestones. The app does seem to provide more information for the pregnancy period. I highly recommend this app! It seems like every article refers to baby as “she.” May just be a huge coincidence but it’s very annoying. Why can’t they just write “he or she?” Silly compliant, I know. It would also be nice if the photo that you see while the app loads changed every once in a while. I wish you could bookmark articles too. I have to email or text them to myself to find them again later. Why does everyone think 4 weeks is a month?  4 weeks is 28 days! The ONLY month that has 28 days is February. If a month was only 28 days, we would have 13 months in a year, not 12. Every other month has 30 or 31 days, which equals approximately 4.4 weeks!  So no, 24 weeks does not equal 6 months and 40 weeks does NOT equal 10 months! 

I’m complaining about this because if this pregnancy app can’t get this simple math calculation correct, how can we trust the other information that is presented??? The community threads on the app rarely ever work! It’s extremely frustrating. The pages never load, no matter what community board you try to open. Reloading the page sometimes works, but you have to click the reload button 20 times. Lately, that doesn’t even work. When the community pages do load it requires WiFi to work... it won’t work off of cellular data, like all other apps do when WiFi isn’t available. It’s 2020 and the app functions like its 2003. I love this app instead of recounting the days on my calendar it informs me everyday of my progress with my son. The bump is the best!! I just wish there were some ultrasound photos for every week along with the size i think that would be a cool addition to the app so moms can have a inside look at what a baby looks like at each week. Easy to use, informative articles, helpful advice. I’ve recommended it to all my pregnant friends and I have utilized it consistently through both my pregnancies so far! I originally downloaded about 5 pregnancy apps my first time around, but this is the only one that stuck with me (I’m 8 mo’ pregnant w/ the 2nd rn) Love this app. Gives me a lot of info & helps me clear my head and not stress out as much. But every time I click on a question and I’m done reading the answers  it doesn’t let me go back to the page I was on before, I have to restart the app every time, and when I’m trying to search a question the keyboard disappears and every time I start typing the keyboard disappears again. This needs to get fixed right away please and thank you. This app has been a GREAT resource for me! Especially as a first timer… I had so many questions regarding what/how I was feeling. And this app is very reassuring! I connected so many “dots” by reading and learning about pregnancy in general. I also love that I get a daily/weekly update on the size and development of my little visitor. I’m currently 8 1/2 months pregnant and I like having this information easily at my fingertips. I enjoy reading about everything this app has to offer. And it has been on point about everything. This is also my first pregnancy and all this info is very important and helpful to me. My friends recommended getting the bump app a few weeks after I found out I was pregnant. I end up checking it most days to see the size comparison and browse the articles they recommend. It’s a nice way to keep track of what’s happening on your own! The Bump gives a weekly update on how your baby is doing, how your body is changing, relevant articles and what to expect in the upcoming week. I feel so much more secure with myself knowing what I’m experiencing is normal and there are other moms out there feeling the same thing. If you are expecting, you NEED this app!! It’s my second pregnancy and I still use Bump to look at the size of the baby and countdown. I read the articles less religiously (it was super helpful when I was first pregnant l!) but still find them helpful. Would recommend especially to first time mamas. I love the countdown of how many days and weeks. At first the daily facts were exciting but then as time has gone they have repeated themselves to compare different parts of the body. I have probably seen paper towel roll twice, hammer twice, Hershey kiss a couple of times…the list goes on. My favorite article was in my first trimester, other then that the facts could be updated or more fascinating maybe even more creative. The daily facts are so fun. We have really enjoyed going from pencil tip to lime!  I also like the links to articles. I feel normal knowing you can be happy that you’re pregnant but hate pregnancy. Ugh the first trimester is awful but the articles about light at the end of the tunnel are helping! Thanks for having an app that is actually helpful! Was the perfect week by week guide through pregnancy..what to expect, what not to expect, what you shouldn't be surprised by. Postpartum it’s been just as helpful! Love reading the articles & weekly updates on my bébé’s development. Highly recommend for expecting parents as well as parents with an infant or toddler! This is by far the best free app you can get! I’ve used A LOT of different ones and they only give you so much info without paying and it is frustrating l! But the bump gives you EVERYTHING for FREE! it’s full of very useful information and articles to new first time soon to be moms like me! I would highly recommended it! 👍❤️ I’ve used this all through my first pregnancy. I never thought I’d have children so I never did any research before hand. This app has taught what I needed to know in a short amount of time. Letting me know what’s happening is completely normal and giving me week by week updates on the baby. Couldn’t have asked for a better app!! With four grown kids it’s been a while since we went through a pregnancy. Now that we are expecting our first grandchild this App has become a “go to” resource to track the development of our grandchild, and also our daughter in law’s progress! It is really packed with useful and current information. Highly recommended! I like that you can see baby size based on fruit, and that you can see 3D images of both baby and your body. It’s also very informative, and makes baby’s growth progress easy to follow and understand. However, the registry section of this is complete trash. Not user friendly, and not many customization options. I used their counterpart, TheKnot during wedding planning and I always rave about how amazing it was, I wish that TheBump was just as amazing. My husband actually found this app when we got pregnant. It’s pretty awesome how it references fruit and veggies to give an idea of how big baby is. The ads helped me with a lot of unknowns as well. I like the check lists, the helpful information daily, and the community chats. I’d highly recommend this app. In fact I did to pregnant sister!  Thanks Bump for keeping me in the know!!! This is my first baby and I thought I knew everything going into pregnancy. There were so many little things I didn’t know, like things that happen to my body and baby’s development. This app truly has been been the biggest help on this journey! I love the various things they tell you about your baby each day, the comparisons to tangible things is great for my visually motivated mind! Also, being able to keep track of baby names and having the “this is what your body/baby is doing this week.” Is awesome to see! Best app to track your baby, every week they give you articles that are so helpful during that week for the baby and for you and the father. There’s videos as well as you can see a example on how the baby is in the belly 3D and it shows what the baby is developing on that week. Love this app but the last update ruined my favorite feature (feb ‘21). The cute weekly graphics with size comparison & countdowns used to be shareable and were so much fun to send to our family. Now there’s only the size comparison one, the font is all squished and messed up and if you try and share the image it sends a link to download the app instead 🙄 please please fix this. Since finding out about my pregnancy the bump was recommended to me by my doctor to keep daily updates on what the baby looks like, how big the baby is, and facts about foods that are good for me and the baby. There are real people asking real questions and getting real answers. It’s sooo helpful, efficient, and free. If you’re looking for a pregnancy app to help, this is the one. Full of information that’s easy to access and easy to understand. The articles are interesting and notifications to read the new material are sent to you regularly. There are 3D pictures for more picture oriented people. Overall, great. This app has been a truly wonderful guide throughout my pregnancy and baby’s growth. I really like the daily articles. You can’t imagine how many times it has come to my rescue when dealing with a new born. The amazing part is.. this app doesn’t judge me.. asking others for advice used to always leave me down n irritated but no this has been a great help seeing that a lot of mothers who are right there with me. I love the app. It has a lot of information available for new moms. I wish their was a way to link a second account to it for my husband and have his account reflect things that could help him feel more involved. But I do share the information with him almost everyday. We love to see the weekly “bumpdates” on babies growth.  All in all a great app! I used this app all through my pregnancy and am still using it after the baby is born. It was there for me when I needed to find the best products or had a specific question. Daily feeds were very informative, changing topics as baby grows. I love this app as a daily routine and advise it to all pregnant women! Absolutely LOVE this app. Had it all through my pregnancy and now using it with my newborn! So informative and helpful. The community forum is supportive and normalizes what your emotions and baby questions. The articles and tips cover all of your questions and provide explanations from credible sources. Mamas or soon to be mamas, this is a must have app. Im loving this app, it’s basically very informative and all I’m reading is 100% accurate to what I’m going through with my newborn girl. I’m loving this app because i have read normal things my newborn is doing and has got me worry thinking there was something wrong with her. I RECOMMEND THIS APP 100% ESPECIALLY TO NEW PARENTS! It will give you a PEACE OF MIND. I love this app so much. It helps track your babies growth. Helps you plan the thing you need to do. It also give you advice of your pregnancy symptoms. It helps keep track how far you are and the size of your baby. I love the 3D picture of the baby and my body. I highly recommend this app!!!! This app makes the pregnancy so much fun and has so many good insights on healthy pregnancies and how enjoy even the rough times with your new addition, very colorful and warming settings and the information given daily on baby’s size and growth development are extremely entertaining and insightful!! I definitely recommend this app for first time mommies!! I used this throughout my pregnancy and now that my baby is born. Always has important information. I look forward to reading their weekly updates and advice. I would recommend this to any new parent. Even my husband refers to this website when we have questions about something. It’s good for a countdown, and cute to read the weekly article about what’s happening to the baby. But good luck getting anything else to work. I’ve tried reading several articles on the “real answers” tab and it just sits and loads. I can’t post in any forums because it says I have to wait 72 hours after creating my account ....even though I’ve been on the app for close to a month now. Has a lot of potential, but it was honestly a let down. This may be petty but it’s frustrating! Week after week after week I read Bump info, tips, & stories using her/she/hers.  It would be nice to see more balance and see him/he/his for a change.  It’s easier to imaging the scenarios as a parent of boys.
Otherwise- good app :) just a little annoying after a few months Loved using this app weekly throughout my pregnancy and now that my little one is here!! Each week shows you what is to be expected as your baby grows, as well as super helpful articles about all things parenting!! I’ve so enjoyed using this app and will definitely use it again for baby #2 when the time is right! i love this app so much! i am expecting for my first time and it really helps to know exactly what’s going on in my body and with the baby & reassures me that everything i experience is normal! plus there are lots of great articles that help prepare you for the baby. i also love that it tells me comparisons of my baby’s size & a 3D model of what it probably looks like rn! This app has been GREAT! I was a first time mom at the age of 47. Many of my friends and family’s children are teenagers. I felt alone and isolated until I started using this app. The monthly reminders, updates, articles, questions and answers helped me get through pregnancy, prepare for childbirth, and postpartum. I would recommend it for every woman. The Bump app almost knew what I was experiencing day to day , week to week and month to month. Since pregnancy until current time now (25 week young baby). Whenever anything happened that I needed to understand better The Bump App was there to help me through. I recommend it to all of my expectant mothers and new mothers all the time now. Why does my app get a badge app icon EVERY DAY despite a complete lack of notifications? You aren’t supposed to send push notifications every day just to force users to interact with your app; they’re suppose to be reserved for actual updates on my specific questions, posts, etc. 

Of course, I’ve disabled notifications entirely to your app, since clearly there is some sort of misunderstanding on your end as to what they are actually for, but you might want to look into that. I love how informative this app is, especially when it comes down to certain things that I may have not remembered that I didn’t do in the past, and it helps me be more common acknowledge the fact that it’s OK to relax, and just let everything takes his course I love this app This app keeps me updated on everything I need to do with each week and it gives me great tips on how to deal with things that I can control and when I should be speaking with my doctor! The fact that it’s free and gives so much away is the extra bonus! I downloaded this app after finding out I was pregnant, as recommended to be by a friend and it quickly replaced the other app that I had been using. This app has the best articles and info all for FREE, unlike the other app I was using. And I love the daily facts! I look forward to those every day! I very much enjoyed this app while my wife was pregnant. It gave me a little more insight and overall made me feel more connected to the entire situation that is pregnancy. It’s hard to believe that I am not checking this app every day anymore. But it serves its purpose well. Highly recommend to any and all who are expecting. I’ve been using this app since I got pregnant with my first child in 2015. Because of this app , I was able to save so many baby pics and belly pics of each pregnancy I’ve had since. This app has allowed me to save each child name and D.O.B in which was a good thing bc now it keeps up with the age of each child. Those are very precious memories ♥️ I used this my whole pregnancy to see how big he was getting as well as daily articles that helped me become more knowledgeable and also think of things I wouldn't have even thought of. I am now using it after giving birth week by week to learn more about my 11 week old :) This is seriously the best pregnancy app. Pretty sure I’ve downloaded the majority of them, and this one is far superior. They give you relevant information for your week of pregnancy and have things in terms you can understand. I especially like the 3D interactive baby and body portion. I will recommend this to all of my pregnant friends! I really enjoyed this app throughout my pregnancy. I downloaded a few to my phone and this one by far was my favorite. I enjoyed the writers tone and insight while reading the articles. Only thing is, the measurements of the fruit and vegetables were a tad bit off when referencing to your unborn baby. Making all the comparing in your head a little tough. Overall a good site to refer to tho I’ve used this app for every single on of my kids and I’ve enjoyed it every time! I have 4 kids and one on the way, it is easy to use and I enjoy the layout. When I was pregnant with my first baby I downloaded probably 3-5 apps about pregnancy and babies and this is the one that stayed. As a first time mama, I am learning SO much. Not only does this app give you info about what’s going on inside our incredible bodies, it also shares alot of tips for morning sickness , and other topics for baby and you. Way more than any other app I had downloaded , and all for FREE , wow . So grateful to have found it :) This app does it all! Keep up with week to week pregnancy changes, pregnancy pics, advice on what to do and what to buy, how to prep, what to worry about, what not to worry about, what to do if you worry. The week by week post pregnancy updates were totally unexpected and have been incredibly helpful as well! I’m a first time mom-to-be, and my sister recommended this app to me. I love the weekly size comparisons, 3D views and explanations about baby’s body and my body, and updates on symptoms and inner workings! The daily reads are nice too, I find myself checking the app every day for new daily reads, and it doesn’t feel like a chore. I love how easy it is to use the app and all the information has been accurate each week with what I’m feeling and going through. I also love seeing the week by week growth development 3D examples of baby and of how the baby looks inside my body 😊 I literally downloaded this app right after getting a positive pregnancy text. I used it during my first pregnancy and I used it weekly if not daily. I loved the weekly updates on growth and the practical articles they offer on a daily biases. It’s definitely not an app that will just take up space YOU WILL CHECK OT OFTEN! Lots of useful info on so many different topics. Love the 3D graphics of mom and baby too. Not overwhelming with ads like other free apps. Switched from Flo when they wanted me to buy the premium plan to see any info past 16 weeks. 

Could do without the celeb baby and bump stories - maybe feature real moms instead. It’ll be much more relatable. Many of the articles talk about activities and traditions that are not possible or advisable during quarantine and social distancing. Is disappointing that at least some of these articles haven’t been updated to give creative suggestions of reveals/showers/sip’n’see that could be possible right now. Feels like it is just recycled articles from past years. Missing an opportunity to speak to pregnant women in the current times. I used this app for my first pregnancy 3 years ago, and it was awesome then. But the addition of the Food Safety feature has really brought it to a whole new level. I used to spend so much time googling at restaurants and now it’s all in one place that’s easy to navigate and provides clear, plain-language guidelines. Love the Bump! I like this app, the only thing I have a problem with is I feel that it’s kind of racist that for the infant CPR video,  they used a African American baby. I’m not prejudice or racist, but I found it odd because you don’t normally see black babies in many other advertisements but for the infant cpr video which obviously isn’t a fun topic, a black baby was used throughout the whole video. It might not be a big deal to others but I found that kind of disturbing. I really like all the articles that are provided, they’re very informative. My only complaint is that you need more articles/write ups on same-sex parenting and articles geared towards more dads. We know mommy is important and provide a lot, but now a days, more children are coming into the world via surrogacy with the parents being two men. Looking forward to the change. Thank you! This App is amazing. I am a first time mommy to be. Baby Bump has guided me through my entire pregnancy. I am now 27 Weeks. It’s very informative. It breaks down every week of your pregnancy. It’s a wonderful guide and it truly makes it easy with your daily question about what going on with your body as well as the changes and developmental stages of your baby. Edit: yay! iPhone X now supported! Rating bumped up!

I just downloaded and am playing around with the app, trying to decide which apps to keep. Will the UI be formatted for iPhone X anytime soon? I feel spoiled but have gotten so used to the large screen of iPhone X that this app feels small and inferior compared to other pregnancy apps I’ve downloaded just because of the smaller screen. Please update!! Thanks! The app has endless amounts of information for an expecting father.  I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to learn what your significant other is going through. 

My favorite feature is the week by week explanation, which includes a picture of what your baby looks like and how big they are. I love love this app, all the sources seem trustworthy and reliable. My only complaint is that you can’t save or bookmark certain articles. If I see an article I like, bookmarking it would be so much easier than having to go through the hassle of scrolling through everything posted since (which at that point I just google my question) My first choice for any expecting parents! It is packed with tons of information and it is very easy to navigate. For all those moms out there that download every pregnancy app in the App Store when you learn you are expecting, make The Bump your first stop! Congratulations! Per “the bump” a baby’s sex and gender are two different things. Really? So will a male baby go through menopause once they get old?? Will they get periods and be able to birth babies? How degrading and laughable to everyone woman who suffers through PMDD, the trials of struggling to get pregnant, the pain of birthing a baby, and all uncomfortable symptoms associated with menopause. What planet is this information from? I wish I could simply CHOOSE to not have hot flashes when I get older and go through menopause, but I can’t.. because I am actually a woman. This is such a great app! So useful for keeping track of my pregnancy. I love the weekly updates and informational videos. The chat forums let me talk to other moms and moms to be and it helps answer so many questions and queries. I love that my baby registry is connected as well. Overall great app!! Definitely recommend! Great content and articles. I like the baby name search function and I found the articles helpful and interesting. The only thing I’ve found is that the way the app breaks down months doesn’t match up to my other tracking app which I found to be consistent with other information gathered on reputable sources websites. I have been using this app since I found out I was pregnant and it has helped me sooooo much with understanding symptoms and letting me know what to generally expect or check more into. I also absolutely love the visuals and the fun little facts about baby growth and mama’s body each week. Loved the simulations of my and my baby’s anatomy.  Loved the countdown and progress counters.  The “Real Answers” I personally found useful and more often than not, found insight on my questions from other moms.  Very exciting getting to a point where the app tells me I have only 4 weeks to go to see my handsome baby boy. I love learning about how baby is growing and there’s interesting daily reads to keep you informed about what’s going on with your body, tips on doctors visits, etc. it’s fun that you can also track your pictures every week and get in touch with other soon to be moms who are going through everything at the same time. The only thing I found useful on this app was the week by week updates of how my baby is developing. Other than that, the articles are misleading, unhelpful, and basically try to scare new moms into reading them with ridiculous titles such as "are high heels safe during pregnancy?" (Yes, but make sure you don't fall!) "Is peanut butter safe during pregnancy?" (Yes, but don't eat a whole jar in one sitting!).  I have not opened a single article and read something useful yet. Every morning I go on here & read an article or two because they are so beneficial & seems to always know exactly what I’m going through (examples are swollen feet, leg cramps, itchy skin & even weird dreams! lol) and explains why that is with some helpful solutions to the problem:) 10/10 recommend!! I always come back to this app out of all the others to track my progress. I like it because of the 3d feature for the baby AND you. Its just cool seeing physically how were changing rather than just looking at a picture and reading I love the articles and updates about the baby, there is always something to research and chances are this app has an article about it! It combines shopping tips and ideas, baby names, growing baby information and tons of articles about parenthood and being pregnant/pregnancy. This app is so fun and super easy to use! The only thing I didn’t like is that the “To Do List” was meant for a working mom. I did feel a bit left out but I’m pregnant and emotional so… hahaha My girls and I love looking at the baby’s weekly progress it’s so fun to know exactly how big baby should be and what he/she’s developing that week. Thanks Love that all the articles are geared towards the week you are pregnant. They also have the feature to add things to your calendar so you don’t forget things. Also seeing how big my baby is so so cute! Overall fully recommended and not bombarded with ads every too seconds like the Glow app. It’s so amazing for us busy mommies to be. The daily reads are so thoughtfully and chronological published. I love the weekly to do list, since it is my first time being pregnant it keeps me on top of things as I should. And my step son loves seeing the weekly 3D growth of his baby brother. He may love the app more than I do! It’s amazing and chucked with lots of resources! When I was pregnant I downloaded 3 pregnancy tracking apps. This is the only app I still use and check regularly! I love it! I love all the tips and and I am so impressed that my baby is 19 weeks old and am still getting weekly updates on what to expect from my babies development! Not just a pregnancy app, it lasts after too 😊 I like using apps that have a birth month group. I think it’s fun to have people to go through the journey together. When I got into my group I noticed a thread where a girl posted a photo of her positive pregnancy test. It had gotten deleted by admin because since you pee on a pregnancy test some consider it “gross”, therefore you can’t post it. WHAT?! Pregnancy, birth, postpartum, and raising babies is full of “gross” stuff and I’m not being a part of an app that refuses to acknowledge every part of the journey. Hi!!! I wanted to know if this app is good, so I read some of the comments and none of them were telling me anything so I’m making this one good for you!!! This app is the best baby app out there it works very well it doesn’t glitch at all and it gives you a lot of information please download this you won’t forget it I promise!!!!!!!! I have 3 pregnancy apps that I can’t pick a #1 out of because they each offer great information. With that said, this is the one I always open first ❤️ it would be amazing if they would make a widget for iPhone!! To have the gestational age on my Home Screen would be awesome! So far been using this app since 2021 and I have found it a great resource for information for what goes on during pregnancy per week. I like the articles that have helpful tips on what to do, for example sciatica pain. I even like the way it helps with baby names. I just wish I could create a registry on here like on Babylist. Liver is not dangerous, it’s actually very important. You’re not going to get enough vitamin A from carrots and spinach. Raw milk isn’t dangerous, it’s significantly more nutritious than pasteurized and doesn’t cause gut irritation because it hasn’t had the enzymes required to digest the lactose killed off. Not to mention, more people have died from pasteurized milk than raw😉 I am six weeks along this is my first baby and this app gives you everything you need to know and gives you more, best part is it’s all free to use. You can see how big your baby is and get all this information on the baby from this app it’s amazing! This app is easy to navigate, and the color scheme/layout are engaging and inviting. 

I particularly enjoy being able to upload bump photos with ease. Also, the illustrations and fun facts for tracking baby’s growth are super fun and delightful to share with friends and family. 

I’d give it 5 stars if it had more inclusive skin options for baby/parent. As a distant grandmother this is perfect!! I feel so much closer to the action!! I can ask my daughter about symptoms and she she’s thrilled that I know so much, even though we both use the ap! Easy to use too. I can’t get the 5 star to work for rating, but this ap definitely is!! Overall this app is so great and informative, we enjoy using it! My one piece of feedback is that they work to improve the search function so you can look for specific articles/information more easily. This app has helped so much to ease my mind articles of so many variations that almost any crazy question I have had has been answered (i.e Are heating pads safe for the baby if I use it on my belly?) . I have even been able to order breast pumps covered by my insurance because of this app. Completely free! Amazing! This is my first time being pregnant and it’s a fun way to track my growing baby and ever changing body. I love the comparisons to fruit size too, it makes easier to picture the actual size of my baby. Has great, quick articles too to keep you very informed! I’m the grandma-to-be and my daughter and her husband live 5 hours away😢. This is their first child so the app really helps me stay close to the changes and advances in their growing baby.. I love this!! I have suggested it to my other friends who also have children expecting. They too are enjoying, and we like comparing the progress.. Thank you!!! I love how this app shows the progress of the baby. It also have a to do list and a list to check off things that’s should be done during each trimester. Gives you a count down as well and gives the zodiac sign of the baby. Currently says for me Leo Baby is coming in 35 weeks and 0 days. 🥰🥰 I love using this app! I’m a first time mom to be and this app has given me some of the best information that I could have thought to ask for. The daily updates/articles, the pictures to go along with the size of my baby girls growth has been extremely helpful! Recommended to all first time mommas and even subsequent mommas 😊 I love how much help this app offers. From information on yourself & baby to information on things to get for baby. It’s a great app. It’s helped me more than my OB through my three pregnancies. It also keeps you updated after birth on what your child may be experiencing. Great weekly updates and article suggestions. I used this app primarily during pregnancy. I tried using some of the tracking logs now that baby is born but feedings were occasionally erased which got really frustrating. I use a different app now to track daily things. As a first time mom I can say this app has been a game changer! I’ve learned so much throughout pregnancy and continue to with my 7 month old (which is extra cool because I didn’t expect it to continue beyond pregnancy). I recommend to anyone I know pregnant or with young children. Seriously, I read a review that that’s the only app you need for pregnancy and they were sooo right! It has everything, from good, non-condescending (hard to come by when you’re pregnant) information to baby name search and contractions timer. Can’t recommend it enough. I love the daily and weekly updates! My symptoms are always accurate date by date and is relieving to find out they’re normal lol I always put the updates in my classroom and my students love to see what size my baby is. Literally open the app on a daily basis! i found this app at 28 weeks pregnant and i wish i found it earlier! it has so many resources and i love how it shows mommy’s belly and baby’s body to help explain things better ! this is my first pregnancy so i’m still very new to all the changes happening and this really made things clear! the app also has so much information about each week of pregnancy, like the symptoms that are possible and they really help explain them and even telling you how to help relieve them ! and it has so many articles to read ! definitely recommend this app! I’ve used this app for both my kids and I love it! 
You keeps you so informed and has many of doctors listed with their findings and opinions on controversial topics about baby’s growth and development. They keep you educated on all to know about motherhood AND how to keep up with relationships (friend, family & intimate) I love this app, but it upsets me every time I read an article on this app that it mentions “birthing person” as opposed to “birthing woman”. I don’t understand how any other person except a woman can give birth and this takes away from the entire experience a woman goes through with her body and a baby, whether that’s surrogacy, adoption, or motherhood. 

It’s also funny to me that most articles mention birthing person, yet 3D photos show a woman’s body & uterus. Ah 2023, what a time to live in. No safe spaces left for women. Just started using this and already it’s given me quick answers to questions and I love all the little facts and new articles you get daily. I also am prone to worry and anxiety so I really am liking the “real answers” section and being able to hear from other moms to be, moms, and helpful professionals. The Bump is loaded with articles that renew everyday. My other pregnancy tracker app kind of fizzled out once my baby was born, but The Bump has been going strong with newborn information! I wish the supportive chat section was bigger, but otherwise a great resource in your arsenal of pregnancy data collecting and analyzing. The 3D body model of mother and baby is wicked cool! I’m a 36-year-old new mom. I was blessed with a beautiful baby girl! She’s four months. The Bump App has been extremely helpful in my new journey as a mother. It has provided me with tips and good to know facts about my baby and more. It has helped me to understand her. We’ve had a few bumps, but, overall I’m enjoying it. Just had my first baby and this app has and still is incredibly helpful! Definitely recommend it to any new or first time moms. The app was able to make the whole experience even more real and exciting to you. And the advice and different articles/ stories shared are amazing! You won’t regret downloading it. 💜 This app is really useful! Especially if you’re a first time mom this app comes in handy. It’s a very informative app since it goes accordingly to your due date and follows up weekly with your pregnancy! So many tools that you benefit from such as answers from other mothers and experts as well! Recommend this app to everywoman our there! Had several issues getting my registry to sync and they fixed them within a matter of minutes and went above and beyond by creating a short url so it would be easier to share my registry for my shower. I can’t recommend them enough! It really helped me during my pregnancy as far as knowing what symptoms to expect and helpful things to prepare for birth. 
I loved the articles every week they offered as far as things to have in the nursery to questions I need to ask my OB, Pediatrician and especially HR when I was getting ready to leave for maternity leave! This app is great. It's eerily accurate too! If I'm having a certain thought/symptom, I open my bump app and right there is a perfect article lined up for me in my daily read. It has been the one app that has been my go-to (I have tried 3 others). Thank you for this wonderful app!! ✨ Love love love this app! It’s been super awesome and very accurate my whole pregnancy. My only complaint is the articles are hard to find. When you’re searching for anything it’s just comments from other moms. I haven’t found a way to search the legit articles they have on the app. I love the articles but they are hard to find when you’re needing to look one up. This is my second pregnancy and second time using the app. I love it so much! I love the different ways you get to track progress of the baby as well as your own body. I also love the extra super helpful pregnancy tips, from exercising all the way to baby moon. Love this app I downloaded Bump when I found out I was pregnant and checked the app religiously, now even after my daughter was born I still find myself coming on to check out weekly milestones. Love how it tells you so much cool info before AND after birth! First timer here& this app has been very informative! My husband and I love reading up on how our baby is growing and definitely enjoy seeing the 3D images. Very neat! I also really like the real life questions women make; makes the journey a lot more relatable. Definitely recommend this app!! App offers digestible doses of important and practical information each day while also providing access to further content if desired. Have used for two pregnancies and enjoy having it send me notifications while I’m pregnant. I’m enjoying this app to track baby’s development. 
I did not like the registry part as much, so I’m using Babylist for that, but I love the tracker and seeing the 3D development of baby along the way. I also like the articles and saving them to my app to view again later. I’ve used this app for my first two pregnancies and I re downloaded it again when I found out I was expecting a third. Definitely a great spot to use and follow when expecting. Reliable and fun graphics. The bump and what to expect are my go to expecting a baby apps! This app offered lots of good information without being anxiety inducing. Some other apps, books, or sources often give information but it feels like they're always giving you worst case scenario and this isn't like that at all. 

I also love the weekly 3D updates for baby and mom. The most helpful, practical, relatable part of this product was removed within the last 2 days. It’s literally what I use this app for, besides the weekly updates on what to expect on progress. RealAnswers created a trusted community of women who shared their experiences and made you feel more comfortable with what you may be experiencing. It was the most genuine and innovative part of your app. Whoever is responsible for making this decision at your Product or The Knot should be fired. I’ll be deleting now, thanks. This app was super helpful with my first pregnancy, downloaded it again with this pregnancy, and immediately started getting emails from the Blood Cord Registry.
That is not okay in my opinion. 
I’m sure it said somewhere that they did that when I signed up again, but I had such a great experience the first time I didn’t think to look for changes. I like this app because it tells you all the fun stuff you need to know:) it keeps the data about your baby light and fun! Some of the other apps can scare you with all their cautions, this one keeps it really fun and happy and still gives you the data that you need to know while being pregnant:) I love that The Bump connects to all of my registries. It makes it so easy for my family and friends to get what they would like to help me with what I need.
I read the articles daily, and they are inspiring, and it makes me feel good that the references are backed up by pros right in the article. I enjoy the app—the articles are sometimes helpful and it’s nice to get the weekly update about where the baby and I are developmentally. However, a feature that seems to have disappeared with this most recent update was the removal of the daily fact! It is silly but I still enjoyed it. Please bring it back! The best pregnancy app that I downloaded. It provides comprehensive information on what to expect during pregnancy, baby care, breastfeeding, and more. Lots of tools to make you feel on top of your game during your pregnancy. The daily tips/reads are always on point! Love this app. Definitely has soooo many things you can do in one app. I’m using this for my daughter wish had this when I had my four kids definitely wayyyyyyyyy awesome app then the other 8 I downloaded once I saw how this one has all in one app I deleted the other 8 I am really enjoying the app. I recently found out we are pregnant and about 4 weeks in, so as you can imagine I’m downloading all the pregnancy apps! But this one has the articles I found the most interesting along with great tracking and cute notifications. I went looking for an app to help me get tips and trick for pregnancy and this one came up. I am really enjoying to articles I am reading and the little snippets of how big my baby is or what my baby I developing during the week of growth he is in. This app has helped me be a little less stressed during my pregnancy so far. I love all the neat features it has that make it so unique to other pregnancy apps. I enjoy the good articles and the new countdown being on the main page!!! Wish it had a dad version so that they could log in and get their own version too but I love this app anyway. I tried flow to track my cycle while trying to get pregnant and once I got pregnant I didn’t like it as much as the bump! The bump is so user friendly and factual. I love that everyday you get a new fruit or object showing the size of your baby. This app has some great information, especially for first time moms and dads, that they put together every step of the way. I love the fun little tidbits about how big baby is each day and the fruit and vegetable comparison every week is adorable. This is great for first time moms. I didn’t know a lot of what I can and can’t do/eat. It also gave a lot of informative articles, list of top rated items, and weekly guide to the baby’s progression. I read all the articles every morning and my SO reads along with me. He loves seeing how big the baby is getting. Great app! I have this app just for the 3D visuals. everything else I don’t use. I think the articles are fluffy and not super informative. There are also too many ads. Another thing the app seriously needs to improve upon is being able to choose the race of the 3D image. It is currently only showing White which is very isolating. I like their week play-by-play. They do give some agenda- based advice that you just have to ignore. They are clearly rooted in the medical community and not in science. A good example of this is recommending vitamin D supplements. Vitamin D is a secosteroid hormone and is contraindicated for pregnant women. Listen to Revolutionary Health Podcast for better information regarding prenatal care and just use this app to keep track of your weekly “fruit” size. I open this app first thing in the morning to read the articles. There is a lot of good information and really like the daily updates about what the size of the baby is currently. I wish there was a way to bookmark articles in the app so it can be revisited at a later time. This app used to be decent at best, but with the recent update it’s utterly terrible. The forums were the best part and now it’s no longer an icon at the bottom and you have to sign in (even though you’re already signed into the app) but after entering the sign in info nothing happens!! It’s just a blank screen!! And all the different forum categories just take you to a blank screen. I’ve complained twice via the help in the app and have received no response. Looking for a better app for my next pregnancy. Don’t bother with this one. This app was fun to have and very informative during pregnancy. The one thing I would change is the ad articles... the majority of the ads cater to insanely expensive items that definitely weren’t affordable to me, and my guess would be that they aren’t for most people. I would love to see things that are on the more practical end of the pricing spectrum. My favorite pregnancy app! Helpful articles written by legit professionals. My only feedback is to learn which articles have already been read so they don’t reappear as “new reads”. Would be cool to have a book marks type of option within the app to save articles for later or future reference. One of the favorite parts of my day is checking this app! For information, to see how baby is developing, to track my contractions (baby is getting close!!). It’s been so helpful and I definitely recommend this to any mom, whether it be your first or fifth! You can never stop learning. :) I love the daily updates but my cousin, who is 7 weeks farther along than I am, said she recently stopped getting the daily updates, assuming because she's so far along (21 weeks). The only thing I'd suggest to make the app better... keep the daily updates coming all the way through the pregnancy!!! I have used the bump for my first and now second pregnancy, and I absolutely love it’ it’s easy to navigate and keeps you up to date with milestones that you and baby are reaching each week! Thankful for the team who put this app together! Over the course of having three kids I’ve used this app. I love the daily facts it gives you when baby is in the womb, they’re sooo cute. I love how it gives you weekly updates when pregnant and also once baby is out. I’ve really enjoyed this app. This is my first pregnancy and being able to have tips and actually see my baby grow is amazing. I appreciate all the information and the week by week letting you know what’s changing with you and your baby. We love going to this app everyday and getting a daily fact about the baby. And honestly every time I have a question in pregnancy, somehow when I open this app there’s an article about that reminding me that’s normal and I don’t need to worry! Thankful for this app. I love being able to see how my baby is growing and understand how my body is changing. In both of my pregnancies I have had someone who asks me, “What fruit is your baby the size of this week?” It’s interesting how I will experience a symptom and later that day, I’ll receive an article from the Bump addressing that symptom. I enjoy receiving the weekly update/milestone information about my daughter as she grows. The only aspect I wish could be improved is the article content that comes in. Some of it is very irrelevant to me and I wish I had the ability to select receiving only topics that are specific to mine and my daughter’s situation. The best feel good app that always makes me smile when I open it. The articles are always informative and helpful in many ways. I also love that it updates each week to tell me what fruit my baby is :) I will be recommending to all my mommy friends! LOVE this app!  I downloaded a couple other ones, but this one was the best in my opinion. It’s VERY informative & there’s also a place to chat with other expecting mothers who may be going through exactly what you’re going through (whatever that may be). This is my first pregnancy and this app has been amazingly reassuring! It maps out symptoms that you may be experiencing each step of the way and provides articles answering some most pressing questions/concerns. I am so grateful to have found this app! I am a first time mom and this app has helped me understand the many changes I have experienced, as well as my baby growth over time. The comparison of size to different food items is also a plus and completely adorable. I downloaded about 20 pregnancy apps and this one is the only one I kept on my phone. As a first time mom I wanted all the info, graphics and extras but at no ridiculous costs lol this app is better than I expected and the only one I ended up using! :) thanks! From the moment I found out I was pregnant, Bump has provided all the information I needed. From the progression of my baking bun to my now 7 months old baby, The Bump continues to give me tips and milestone information that is always super helpful. I recommend any expecting moms to get this app! Im currently 7months pregnant with twins and this is my first pregnancy! As you could imagine my questions were endless! Not only does this answer questions before you get to ask em, things you didnt even think u needed to know are brought up to you!!! plus visuals! I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND When I got pregnant, I downloaded many apps to keep me informed about this whole new world. This one has been my favorite! I love the details and I look forward to seeing great “my baby” in 3D each week with new updates on its development. It’s the only app I have that has that feature. I use this app everyday. Not only is it informative, it gives me an excuse to not get bored with the pregnancy; everyday is a new exciting update about what’s going on with my baby and it’s current size. I love the user-friendly design with cute graphics. Definitely would suggest for mamas and papas to-be! This app has helped me starting when I was newly pregnant, to now that my baby is 4 months old. I get so much great information from the articles and the questions asked section, and the weekly updates regarding my babies growth. Has helped me feel connected and comforted at times as a new mom! I love this app, it uses my baby’s name which makes it easier to feel connected to her, also it uses the correct gender, gives me awesome updates with notifications & gives me options to more information that maybe I should know while pregnant. Really the best baby app I’ve used 😊 Five⭐️’s The articles are interesting and diverse. They have nice pictures and daily/weekly updates but the community message board by birth month is ruled by a bunch of control freaks. They only want X number of threads a week, no random questions/ posts (unless in the designated ‘random’ thread... that goes out every Monday for the week 🙄). If you do, the other posters will actually call you out on it. It’s a little childish.... and what the Bump is going for is simply unobtainable. This app is amazing! Very interactive and the articles have great info and are easy to consume( short info packed). The information is always spot on for the questions I have that very day, it’s crazy! So thankful. I check in everyday to see how my baby is and to get more information on what’s going on with my body. Hi! I used to love getting in everyday just to see what new daily fact was up. I’m not sure what it’s called. It would tell me my babies hands were the size of a dime in this day and things like that but when I hit week 21 it disappeared? Not sure if it’s just something that stopps ya week 21 or if it got removed? But I want it back! I loved it! This app is the best pregnancy app ive come across!! It has so many articles on all aspects of pregnancy!! I especially love the weekly descriptions of the baby development as well the women's stomach growth. All of this and its FREE!! I actually paid for a different pregnancy app which has far less information than this app!!! Your number 1!! 🙌😁 The articles are generally. Fruit/veg size comparison is cute. But every week there’s an update about what’s happening in fetus/baby development and “my body” changes. It really pisses me off that whole they write about my heartburn and leaky breasts more than half way through the pregnancy, the computer model looks like she’s just had a big lunch. The image of her body doesn’t change week to week. It’s not exactly fat-shaming but it’s definitely not actually what’s happening to “my body”. I really enjoy this app, I’ve been using it since the beginning of my pregnancy & my baby is now 8 months old, I still use it! 
You can search specific topics & find articles, or you can find great websites for registries. There’s a lot to do & it’s easy to maneuver This app has been so helpful to me. This is my first pregnancy and I love being able to open the app every day and see how big my baby is and read what’s happening in the development of my baby and my body. I wish I could give it 10 stars. I love how the app addresses baby by name & have useful information & articles to read! I love that the app indicates how big baby should be in comparison to fruit. It really puts things in perspective! I’m also enjoying the “see my baby in 3D” & “see my body in 3D” feature! I love this app so much! Not only does it keep you engaged throughout your pregnancy with daily facts but it also gives you so much reassurance on symptoms you experience throughout all phases of the pregnancy journey. I’m very thankful we live in a time where apps like this exist! So happy I got this app. It was recommended by a friend and I loved it and continue to use it for my 4 week old baby now. There is just so much information available to us first time moms that we had no clue about. I felt so prepared every week during my pregnancy. I got pregnant on New Years and my husband who was my fiancé at the time found this app and now I can’t stop looking at it. My husband and I found out in October that I’m pregnant again for the second time we are so excited and so happy. I’m very happy I found this app Found out officially I was pregnant last week and a family member recommended this app so I checked it out and I am so glad I did. So many things I didn’t know now make sense. This app is amazing for new mothers to be like myself! Very informative lots of daily articles which I read all the time! Amazing app! I anticipate reading the articles relative to my pregnancy daily. I wish there were more updates about baby daily instead of weekly but other than that, I love the forums you can join, convenient registry tab and the new Best Of Awards tab. This app provides so much helpful and even interesting information. This app is really useful and better then the others. I love how it’s set up, it’s cute and has so much information. Although it takes forever to load the 3D picture of the baby and body for some reason but other than that I would definitely recommend this app. This app always has articles on the exact topics I’m thinking about. I used it through pregnancy and continue to use it now that baby is born because it’s super informative and helpful. From quality articles, to what you can/can’t eat, to advise this app is right on the money. Every morning I check the new posts to read before I go into work and the posts are always so interesting and informative. This app is great! It shows you what size baby is by comparing to fruit/veggies. It also does a 3D photo that moves and has captions on it to tell you about how baby is growing. Love love love this app!!! I love all the daily updates about baby! The weekly to do list is super helpful but I wish so badly I could save the articles somewhere on the app to read later. I’m constantly e mailing them to myself instead. It’d be nice to have a place to see the ones I want to remember/ read later without having to filter through so much. Love this app. Have used it ever since I found out I was pregnant. A lot of others have ads or want you to have a subscription. This tells me everything I want to know weekly with my body and my baby. 10 stars if I could Everything this app has told me week by week has been completely accurate. I’m a first time mom, first pregnancy and the bump has been very informative so far. I love the tips and articles that they provide for the weeks! I’m like most people: if an app asks me to rate it I roll my eyes. But The Bump is so easy to use, always has relevant articles and isn’t constantly trying to sell me something. I’ll take it over the What To Expect fun-things-your-baby-is-the-size-of feature any day. Great easy to use app with informative information from the right sources. It was also cute to follow during my pregnancy & now I’m still using it post. I enjoy the notification daily articles tailored to my baby’s age. Loving The Bump and all the awesome up to date articles  they offer daily. Not my first baby but my Last and it’s good to still have some relevant information about my pregnancy on a daily basis. Join the community groups too I totally love this app and really like the daily reads. They are informative and great for a first time mom and articles are review by a provider.  My only complaint is that the articles are repetitive. I’m not sure of they just get updated and then resent out. But some articles I’ve seen three or four times already. I found this app and this has been the one I have exclusively used during my pregnancy thus far. I love all the articles and the fun daily facts. Also makes it easy to track what were you’re on cause… preggers brain is real! This is a great app for anyone who’s wondering what their baby is experiencing on a weekly basis. The app gives pictures and captions to go along with what your baby is going threw. Every week me and my wife get excited to see where new in our little ones life This app has been phenomenal!! I am a first time mother and I was preggo before and lost my first one and this app handled me with care through that and now that I’m preggo again they have sooo much information to offer! Especially for the first time mothers. I highly recommend this app!! I’ve used this app for all 3 of my pregnancies and I recommend it to all of my pregnant friends. It’s so informative and is always spot on about my pregnancy symptoms for the week. I also love the view of the baby and to see how the baby looks in my belly week by week. Love love love this app! Used this when I was pregnant with my son almost 6 years ago and now using it again as we are pregnant with our third baby. I love the 3D looks at mom and baby! The articles are amazing and are very helpful since every pregnancy is different. I used this app my entire first pregnancy and am currently using it for my second. Love the layout and how the app flows. Helpful articles and info although it is sometimes a bit repetitive but honestly overall great and has interesting daily facts. This app has been one if the best parts of pregnancy. I check it everyday to see what size my little guy is and love the helpful tips/articles that I’m served each day that are super relevant to my stage of pregnancy. I have also found the week-by-week symptoms to be extremely accurate with my experience. Love it!!! This app is great for insight on the different stages of pregnancy. Week by week it shows you what is going on with your body and your babies body. You also have storage of belly pics on this app which is nice to use for keeping up with your progress and looking back on them later I’m only 6 weeks along, but so far I’ve really appreciated the Bump app and all the information in it. 

Please add a way to save articles you like—I’d like to be able to quickly pull up articles like what OTC meds you can take while pregnant and what exercises to do. This missing feature is a pretty big one.

Thanks! When I found out the hubby and I were expecting I downloaded all the pregnancy apps out there. Weeks later and this is the only one I use every. Single. Day. It’s bright, colorful, has articles that are both informative and fun! Highly recommend! Have enjoyed this app so much! Love the food comparisons and stats as that gives me an idea how big our little girl is getting. Also love all the information on what is developing with baby and what changes my body is going through each week. 3-D pictures with facts are cool too or Baby and my body. So amazing! I shopped a few pregnancy app before hands down deciding this was the best. The abundance of easy to read info and user friendly environment was supreme to the others. However, the winning feature to me that gave me no doubt about my choice was the 3d interactive model of Baby. It is amazing. Period. I used this app through my entire first pregnancy and I found the articles and weekly updates so incredibly helpful. Now I am eight weeks postpartum and still reading the articles and weekly updates! I’ve been using it during my pregnancy and it’s a really good app. You can see like 3-D pictures and information about your baby and your body. There are a lot of helpful facts and everything is accurate. Great way to track your progress and how baby is developing. It doesn’t replace your doctor but it educates you so you can ask the right questions and be knowledgeable enough to understand more of what your doctor is describing. I’m currently on baby number five, so needless to say, I’ve treated multiple apps over the years. The Bump is my favorite pregnancy app, PERIOD. For me, it has the most relatable content (both to  refresh and new material) and the most features that I actually find usable. Seems fairly easy to navigate. Straightforward and useful content without using big medical terms for those that need a more basic level of information. I think the weekly baby is pictures could be a little more detailed and in depth, though. As a second time mom I looked for an app to calculate my due dates and baby info. I found this one very helpful, with no in-app purchases! Also the info I’ve been provided has been accurate, I’d definitely recommend. I look forward to learning new info about baby’s daily progress. I get to feel closer to my child before I meet them. All the information packed into this app is incredible and even my mom is impressed by all the factoids I share. I love this app. I am pregnant with my 5th child and it has helped ease so many of my worries, while also reminding me what to do since it's been 7 years since my last baby was born. It's always the site that I go back to. Very thankful!! I am 7 months and I definitely enjoy this app I can’t absorb enough information. I have a 7 year old bout to be 8 and SO much has changed since then. It feels like I didn’t remember much but the bump keeps me in the loop with all the lasted info. Great job!! And thank you!! I love this App!! There was nothing like this when I was pregnant 40 years ago. And now that I am about to be a grandmother for the first time, I love learning how my daughter is feeling and how her baby is developing. It’s totally cool! And the 3-D images are awesome. So helpful!! Thank you to the people who created this site— gold stars all around!! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Just found out I’m 4 weeks. And I already love this app! Love that it gives you questions to ask your doctor questions I would never have thought to ask. I love the check lists since I’m a planner. And I love that I can see what baby looks like inside my body and so can the hubby! I’ve never written a review on an app until now, I stayed with you throughout my entire pregnancy and even now that my baby is 8 months old. 

I can’t fathom why you would take away the one thing that made you stand out from the rest of the progress apps, I made genuine connections with people I’ll never be able to get ahold of again due to the sudden omission of your Q&A section that brought peace of mind to so many, myself included. 

I’ll be deleting the app, if I could give 0 stars, I would. This app is great! I get so excited each day to see what the new “daily fact” is about our growing baby. I enjoy reading the daily articles and the interactive tool to see baby and my growth each week is amazing. I have several pregnancy apps and this one is the one I use the most! Today’s daily fact - “on this day your baby is about the size of a ruler” does NOT make any sense given that I’m in week 32 and it says my baby is over 16 inches tall. What 16 inch ruler do you people use??? This is just an example. Last week was your baby is as tall as a piece of paper. Once again, even if you’re using legal size paper, I don’t see any 15 inch pieces of paper. Please update your daily facts to resemble something reasonable. Other than this the app is fine. I so much love this App! Very helpful in letting me know what's going on in my body. Also helps to relieve anxiety and answers most of my burning questions or concerns. I also enjoy and look forward to the daily comparisons to what the size of the baby or body part size is like to regular everyday items or food. I’m 12 weeks pregnant now and this app has taught me a lot. It’s super fun to get a notification everyday telling me how many weeks I have left before the due date as well as how big the baby is and what is developing each week as the baby grows inside my belly. Super excited! Love the articles! I’m a first time mom and I refer to The Bump for everything. It always has questions I want answered. It was so fun to track my pregnancy with and see what fruit/veggie my son was each week. Now that he is born it still has amazing articles about newborns. I will recommend this app to anyone I know who is pregnant or have a newborn! The main reason I used this app was for the “on this day” feature, but somewhere starting in the second trimester they stopped. I kind of find it just like any other “bump” app. They give the weekly update and that’s about it. The question section is just a bunch of know it all moms who can be very rude to people asking questions. I just steer clear of that tab. I love the quick reads and I get excited to check in on my babies size with a new fun fact daily! Sometimes they don’t make sense (seems like the size comparison is smaller than the week before) but still cute and fun. I really enjoyed  this app for my first and second pregnancy! Not every mama needs weekly updates but it’s been helpful to know what to expect and when. Highly recommend to any mama wanting some more helpful info on their little ones growth! I truly cannot say enough good things about this app! It has helped me put my pregnancy and baby’s evolution into digestible perspective! The baby diagrams and the fruit comparisons were cute and well thought out but also incredibly valuable…not to mention hilarious at times! I love this app! 1st of all for being free it provides a lot. I like the daily facts as well as the 3D view of mommy and baby. Lastly the articles are beneficial and are geared to where you are in pregnancy. It’s worth it and out off all the apps out there this is by far my favorite. Thank you BUMP I love this app for when I am pregnant but also found it useful when I was trying to conceive and postpartum. The short articles and tips are easy to read and helpful. Worth downloading for many reasons! This app is honestly so perfect and, even better for first time moms who have no clue what there going into or what to expect mostly everything is accurate I’ve used it my whole pregnancy ! I highly recommend this app I’ll definitely be using it for future pregnancy ! ❤️ absolutely loved it! I love the bump ! I used it with my first son and I’m using it again with this pregnancy. I love that it gives you the little comparisons for the baby but I love the most the little articles it shares as well for little tips and tricks to make the journey just a little bit easier ! A friend recommended this app and I have not regretted downloading it one bit. I am a very detailed person who always has a ton of questions and this app has numerous articles on every topic you could possibly think of. I love it and look forward to the rest of my pregnancy my with this app. Accurate - Every time I feel sick, or achy it’s explained in the daily announcements or weekly stages of pregnancy. 

Informative - I love how many lists at different stages explain what to buy, what’s a complete waste of time, and what’s worth knowing. 

Fun - I send my husband, mom and mother-in-law the fruit comparison every Monday. They love it! 

Easy  - Sometimes I don’t have time to read the full weekly update so the fact that it starts with a summarization helps.

Innovative - I also  scroll to the 3D image of the baby to understand what’s going on with him physically it’s perfect.

Thank you Bump! I just found out I was pregnant again with my second child and this was one of the first things I did within the days after finding out.  Absolutely love having it and all the info on it is amazeballs ❤️❤️❤️❤️ I’ve had this app since I was 8 weeks pregnant. It was very informative week to week of the development of my baby. I was surprised to see that after my baby was born it continued to give me weekly updates and tips. All the information has been very accurate and very helpful! I’m new at this dad thing, so it helps to have some additional info on what may happen or is happening with my wife and baby. The app also helps give me ideas about gifts my wife might like, or special classes to get us in. Plus, it’s cool to have a count down clock so I don’t procrastinate. I absolutely love this app. It guided me through my whole pregnancy and letting me know my Baby’s development growth but not just my baby also what I was going through. Now that my baby is born it tells me what’s going on with my baby every week. I Love reading all the new things my baby is doing & learning as he’s growing 😊🙌🏼 This app is so efficient and has many resources. I always find the best articles that answer my questions. The information is explained in a way that is easy to understand. I’m so happy I found it. Follows along with your pregnancy, gives tips and charts on things doctors tend to leave out. Shows you a 3D view of you and your baby. Can track pictures, weight and even gives a daily comparison fact. Having access to all of the information in this app is such a relief especially for a first-time mom! I can rest easy knowing new information & tips are made available taking the guessing out of my pregnancy jitters. I have been using this app throughout my pregnancy and absolutely love it. I love the week by week updates along with the daily updates on how baby is growing and I also love the articles that are there. This is a really great free app and it has a Lotta good content on there. Second time using this app as I’m expecting again. Great articles, mom forums, and weekly summary’s of baby’s development. Only wish is that there would be more content for mothers of 2+ children, as there are differences and tips/support would be welcome :) Some days I used this just as a progress tracker, but there are so many great forums and discussions that I stayed for the community. Fun articles day by day, and my mom got the app so we could chat together about how big baby is! Would recommend. I’ve used this app for both of my pregnancies now, and both times I’ve really enjoyed it. I love getting the weekly updates on baby’s size, and there are occasionally some really useful articles on it as well. I used this app for my first kiddo about 2 years ago and now I’m using it for our new bean we just found out about!❤️ I highly recommend this app you get so much useful information and cute little comparisons of your babies size. I am so glad that I found this app! There is so much valuable information on here. I love how it keeps up with how far along you are and let’s you know the approximate size of the baby throughout the pregnancy! One of my favorite things is the place you can add pictures of your growing bump!!! So cute! 💖💙💖💙🍼🤱🏼 The Bump was my go-to app during my pregnancy... mostly because there was a community of people that shared their experiences.  My “Real Answers” section always seemed updated and followed along with my stage of pregnancy.  Now, I’m 35.5 weeks, have more interest in reading what other women are experiencing - and the community is taken away.  Frankly, I’m really disappointed that ‘real answers’ has been replaced with baby names and other advertisement type fluff. I’ve been using this app religiously since I found out I was expecting. My daughter now 6 months going strong. Thanks to this app and their articles and tips. This app helps me to be a better mom an in so thankful to the creators of this app. Every first time mom like myself needs this app. It has glitches every once in a while but overall this app is absolutely amazing. Helps me keep up with my little peanut and how he is growing. Everything is so accurate the notifications are just enough and everything is written so I can understand it! I love it! I love this app. I like it better than the BabyCenter app. The 3-D display of how your baby is growing is crazy awesome, you're able to move it around and learn what's happening in your body. Also includes daily readings - helps you understand why you might have certain symptoms. 20/10 recommend! Honestly when I found this app I fell in love, The Bump has great information from when your barely pregnant to once you have your baby. I have relied on information that I have read here and the articles are always relevant which is a plus ! I love love love the bump app. I’ve tried out quite a few different apps and it’s by far my favorite. The countdowns are easy to follow, the articles are generally well timed, and the weekly information is detailed without being too long. It’s well organized and looks clean and polished. The only thing missing from this app is the details on baby’s development. I don’t want to download another app just to get more details. I love the app itself, just wish it was like the “Wonder Weeks” app that details each week better then the “Bump” app. Goes over growth spurts and things to expect. Would be more helpful. I’m still in my first trimester, but I love the daily/weekly updates The Bump gives me. I also love reading what others are going through and seeing my baby in 3D, week by week. It makes me feel better during this very nauseous time in my life. 

Thanks for this great app! I use this app every day! For my first pregnancy I love how there are different articles show up each day and how informative it is for my pregnancy. I also love how each day it tells me something special! LIKE today the baby is the size of a jar of Nutella. Can’t wait to see what’s to come! I am 16 weeks tomorrow! It’s great! It’s kind of like being able to see your baby every week and it’s so cool that you are aware of all of the growing baby is doing. I get so excited to check every week and see what’s new. I absolutely love the 3D diagrams! So informative and cool to see. Thanks to the BUMP app for helping me bond even more with my baby. I like keeping track of baby’s growth with this app. I like most of the articles but some can be a bit much/negative for first time mommas. I understand that anything can happen at any point in the pregnancy but as a first time momma we already worry about that what ifs on our own. I prefer the more positive and informative articles. That’s just my preference. I love and very much look forward to the weekly insights into how baby is developing!  The real world comparisons in size and the 3D of baby are awesome!  Also, I very much enjoy the daily articles and options to catch up on other articles that I may have missed. Definitely recommend this app!!! ❤️ Love this app! I tried out a bunch of apps, and liked the easy to use format of this app, no costant commercials and some of the unique features like the interactive 3D anatomy visuals that I didn’t see elsewhere. I also like the to do checklist. I am really enjoying this app. I feel like it provides the right amount of information for each week without it being overwhelming. I also enjoy the size reference of how big the baby is each day - it’s something fun to look forward to each day. Ive had this app since I was 13 weeks pregnant with my daughter. It has helped me learn so much about what to expect during pregnancy, as well as what to expect once my baby was born. I would definitely recommend this app to any first time mom. My wife is pregnant with my second child. I used Bump on the first kid and it was the first app I downloaded after finding out my wife was pregnant. It gives great insight as to what’s happening with her as well as my baby. I’m very grateful for this app ❤️ 10/10 recommend! It walks you through each week of pregnancy - what to expect, advice, baby’s size and progress. It provides articles on what to do/not to do and helps answer all the questions! It’s been so helpful! My doctor recommended this app and trust me it’s the relief you need as a new mom as you journey through every week they show you the signs and symptoms to expire how big your baby is articles to read and things to expect a pretty great app I really like this app for the 3D model of the baby and the model of the moms body with the baby. You can see what the baby looks like at the week you’re at and you can see how your body is changing. Highly recommend! Love the app, it tells me all the updates as we go along. What to expect and great articles to back it up they present you with weekly. Also shares lots of information on a variety of topics that comes up during pregnancy! If for some reason you need inspiration for food cravings, this app has them all. 6 weeks old your baby is a chocolate chip, 15 weeks it’s a donut and an Eggo Waffle. I like the suggested readings and appointment reminders. 3D viewing of “baby” and “mother” also very entertaining. I love the little comparisons and facts they have. It’s a very easy to use app that lets you track mom’s and baby’s progress throughout. Just plug in the due date info and the app does the rest. Very much recommend ESPECIALLY for first time parents. This has been super helpful during my first pregnancy. The articles are helpful, love the weekly 3D imaging of the baby and woman’s body, and the so fun to see how big the baby is progressing each day! I love checking the app out every day. Very encouraging! I love this more than other apps I have tried (even more than the one created/suggested by my healthcare provider). Every day I look forward to more info and tidbits about our growing baby! I love this app! Being newly pregnant for the first time there’s so many things that I’ve learned from this app but it’s also fun getting to see the daily facts on how big the baby is or see the 3D models on what’s going on at each stage! I check it everyday to read their daily articles. Love love love. I feel like I’m the only person who hated the Q&A section. So, I actually love the new update. It’s informative without the anxiety of reading about everyone’s fears and worries during their pregnancy. I feel like some people need that community support; I’ll stick to just discussing my concerns with my OB and not strangers on the Internet. This app was great throughout my pregnancy and I’m still using it postpartum for info on my baby’s development. It’s very easy to use, has helpful information but never overwhelming, nice to look at—just perfect! App never crashed or had problems. Highly recommend you don’t download this app. At 17 weeks I did a random quick google search of my name and find The Bump has, without my knowledge or consent, created a baby registry in my name. This has likely been searchable since the day I downloaded the app, at 6 weeks pregnant. On the site it included my full name, my husbands and my due date. Such a egregious violation of my privacy. The app is self described as a pregnancy tracker for first time moms. They owe it to their users to request permission to publish such information. Unacceptable. We looked forward to the new week to see how big our baby is and what is going on with her development and mine. It had great articles to read that went along with the stage in pregnancy I am in at the time. It as a contraction timer and a place to take photos of the growing bump! I love checking the Bump every day for new articles! I especially love seeing what new fruit or vegetable my baby is every week! The community forums are entertaining but I wouldn't use them as my only source of reliable information. I always recommend this app to pregnant friends! This is by far the best pregnancy app I have found yet! I am a first time mommy and this app has honestly helped and answered many many questions(even the weird ones). I look forward to reading the update of my peanut every week and think it's an amazing comparison to the fruits and veggies!! I love the app, but only have one request. I am in my mid 30s working on pregnancy number 3, child number 4. Each pregnancy is so different. I’d like to see more articles on women who have experience in the kid and pregnancy department. Everything else is amazing. I love receiving the articles in email reminders, but a lot of them don’t pertain to me as they are mostly for new mothers. I would give it a 5 star, as I love the features with the imagining and the weekly articles about general information! One thing, is that it is not inclusive of same sex parents or single moms much. Everything is "mom&dad" rather than "parents or spouse". In this day in age, it's time we realize there are many families out there besides one mother and one father. That's all I have to say!  Thank you! I love The Bump app. It was great through the pregnancy. I really enjoyed the 3-D images each week and the descriptions of what was going on with the progress of my baby's growth, in addition to information on myself and changes with my body. After the birth of our daughter I still use the app regularly as the articles are very useful and informative. This app is informative and has so much info to read through, look at and different links that are so helpful! My husband, son and I love looking through it each week You can save helpful articles and look back on them. Each week gives you an outline of potential pregnancy symptoms and what developmental phase the baby or (babies) are going through. Has much more! Love the weekly updates on size, how it gives a comparison to fruits/veggies or objects to help you envision the size of your growing babe! Love the 3D animated examples that have fun facts every week as well. There’s also lots of great articles and tips, mom advice, links to everything baby and pregnancy. Fun app I’ve been hooked both pregnancies! By far the best baby app. I downloaded several apps and this one had the best information and the best articles. New articles every day and the option to save them. Also, it continues after baby is born! Definitely have enjoyed following my baby grow with this app. Also the things about pregnancy and the different stages have been helpful too. This is my 3rd pregnancy and it’s been different from my previous 2. Love this app. This app is so fun to use for first time pregnancy. You get to track baby’s growth and they provide more detailed information each week on each week on what to expect and how to prepare than a lot of other apps. As a first time mother this app has been amazing. Every Monday morning I get so excited to open this app and read what’s happening to my body and the learn about the growth of my baby. The 3D visuals are really well done. The fun fact of the day is also super cute. It’s a great ap for first timers like myself. The topics are great and there is a lot of information available to you to take in at your pace. Some of the articles are a little bit dated and they do tend to repeat but it’s good to have some reminders. I like the weekly update on ‘my body’ and ‘my baby’ very helpful. I’m so excited every week to check the bump and see what my baby has grown to! It amazes me that we started at a chia seed and she’s all the way to a coconut! I love the updates on symptoms, what to expect, and seeing what’s happening with the baby and my growing body! Thank you! Overall I think it’s a cute concept of comparing the size of your baby to food! It’s my first pregnancy, and along with influx of information and emotions, it’s nice to take a break and see the baby’s growth as time goes on. I love this app! I have used it for both my pregnancies. Provides so much helpful information about symptoms and the pregnancy process. I wish it had a built in contractions timer for when you’re going into labor. If it had that, I would have used it everyday of my pregnancy without fault. Four pregnancies in and it’s the only app I download. The interface is beautiful and simple, with just the information you want and need, nothing extra to clutter your mind and screen. Love everything they do! Very trusted resource from birth, on. I have been using this app for a couple weeks now and I love it! I love the daily updates, I love reading the articles. It is very informative. I also like that my partner is also able to get the app and use it as a “I know someone who is pregnant”. This app used to provide updates of what’s developing week by week with your baby. Now they’ve stopped that, and started listing symptoms you may experience and information about potential complications that should only be addressed by qualified professionals. This app can cause people to panic thinking there’s something wrong with them or their baby. It’s also rifled with sponsored ads and any suggestions for baby products are completely unreliable. I’ve been using a few pregnancy apps and this one is by far the one I go to the most. The fact of the day is something my husband and I look forward to each morning! So many great articles and tips. Could not recommend it more! Well done, The Bump! Pregnancy can be both exciting and nerve racking. As a new father I desired to know what was happening with my wife. The Bump provides articles, and other cool resources that have helped me to score cool points with my wife. If you want your wife to show appreciation( wink, wink lol) this app is definitely a tool you want to use! I love this app so much. I used it all throughout my pregnancy and still use it till this day for tips and tricks regarding my new little bundle of joy. It’s super informative. I even like this app better than the what to expect app, so do yourself a favor and download it. You won’t be disappointed trust me! Added education, relevant topics & “real” understanding of what I was going through as a first time expectant mom. The weekly 3-D walkthrough of me and baby’s body was very helpful in helping me understand what to expect and see what I was feeling was perfectly normal. The app was a great resource for both me and my husband! I was having trouble syncing my multiple registries on The Bump app so I reached out to customer service who very quickly remedied the problem! The rep, Krista, was extremely helpful, had quick responses, and went over and above to ensure I was set up and ready to go! I like having updates on what baby and body are doing each week of pregnancy, but many articles feel very sales heavy and some seem obviously sponsored but are not clearly marked as such. Having a baby shouldn’t make me a target for marketers, especially through an app that’s supposed to make this all easier and less stressful. Also don’t appreciate the amount of content focused on losing post-baby weight/looking attractive. I have found this so helpful in so many ways...from understanding changes in my body and the baby, to tips for how to prepare for the baby’s arrival. I love the daily updates and articles. And, it’s easy and straight forward to understand all the information provided. This is an amazing and FREE app that is full of useful information for all stages of pregnancy. I absolutely love the week by week updates of you and your baby and that changes and growth happening each week. I have recommended this app to all my pregnant friends and am so grateful a friend told me about it. Absolutely love it so far! The app is wonderful. It’s teaching me different things, and I love the articles. I like how t shows the size of the baby at the different stages, and also does a countdown! I highly recommend the bump to someone who is newly pregnant like myself, because it is really fantastic! When I first downloaded this app it was a wonderful excellent that had updates daily and once my girlfriend turn 20 weeks the updates were done the comparisons of baby size per day were all gone if you could bring the updates of daily growing then this up with you for five stars but because it was a cool app from the beginning it does deserve three stars Obsessed with this app! Literally check this app daily with new articles, and interesting topics makes pregnancy so much better. I love the weekly baby updates as well as the countdown for baby’s arrival. With such a strong online community I don’t know where I would be without The Bump. Week by week I found myself going through the exact things that the app stated. Being a first time mom I was able to be at rest because the app did such a great job explaining exactly what my body may be experiencing at that time. Highly recommended! I love this app and all of the information it provides! I love how each week provides a new fact or detail too! Just wish the app didn’t crash so much 😿 I hate being right in the middle of reading something and then the app closes itself it’s extremely annoying....hence taking away 1 star. The app was great until about 20 weeks. After that they don’t do daily fact updates, which were fun and the only part I liked about the app. Also, the majority of the articles kind of stink and don’t provide any new knowledge. There has also been a glitch where it says that my winter baby is due in “x” amount of weeks... I’m due in August, so this is definitely not the case. I am pregnant for the first time and this app has provided great information that has really helped me and my husband. I feel more connected and understanding of the hourly/daily/weekly changes to my body. I find the daily articles to be timely and have substantiated by my OB. This is probably the most relevant baby app, and I have used several. I like the variety of article topics made available every day and having the option to save and search for them is very convenient. I’ve been following along with Bump for my daughter’s 1st pregnancy. We didn’t have this kind of information at our fingertips when I was pregnant. I love the baby size comparisons & the loads of information. Super neat app! Love keeping up with my changing body and learning new things as my little bump grows! The 3D aspect of it is super cool too where you can see what your baby is looking like and also how the baby looks inside your body! I enjoy looking at the new information each week. Watching baby progress through the weekly milestones is one of my favorite pregnancy things. Even the daily tips can be helpful. Sometimes, it’s like they can read my mind and know what I’m thinking about! I love all the daily updates about how big my baby is getting. I enjoy the weekly updates as well and it is nice to have many articles to read and reflect upon when questions arise. My favorite pregnancy app My girlfriend and I were not planning but got pregnant. I was overwhelmed at first and my best friend recommended this app. It’s been helpful in the planning process and great to keep up with what is going on with my partners body and our young’n. Highly recommend I really like the app, I look forward to seeing what size fruit/veggie my baby is each week and reading about what’s happening in my body. I also find the suggested articles are helpful and fun to read. I really enjoy this app and use it as my pregnancy encyclopedia. I love the suggested articles and the timelines in the checklists to keep me on track. I can also research Registry Products and things that are happening with my body. Highly recommend! We check this app every week for new things happening, symptoms to watch out for, and just good information in general. 
The daily updates are also helpful but I try not to obsess too much. This app is amazing. Literally guides you each and every week of your pregnancy. I absolutely love it. Everything is right on point. It also gives you tips on literally whatever you think of. I highly recommend it. It’s my first pregnancy and this app cleared a lot of doubts and wonders. However, every time I would like to go back to an article, I can never find it. There is no search bar for articles which I found disappointing since the articles are excellent!!!! But overall, the best app for this journey! I love the fact that it tells you what happens week by week. Especially for eager ppl like me. What to expect, how much weight you should gain to sleeping habits. Also the 3D image of what the fetus looks like at each stage is just amazing. If you’re a first time mom even second this app is the way to go. Love this app. I like how you get weekly size and weight updates and also little daily updates that compare the size of the baby. The articles are fun and useful but sometimes they repeat themselves. The Real Question” section is one I use all the time. All in all I would recommend this app to a first time momma or any momma to be. I deleted this app immediately after reading the post by Paula Kashtan on when you should stop drinking before trying to conceive. It was reductive and seething with judgement and anxiety provoking “advice”. Dear Paula- a few sips of alcohol before you have sex, before you are even pregnant cannot cause fetal alcohol syndrome. But now you’ve got a lot of women paranoid about the drink they had. I can’t find Paulas credentials for anything other than “blogger” anywhere on the web. This is not scientific, evidence based advice to women. This is fearmongering. Delete! Love this app! I really enjoy the 3 daily article and the way baby develop is shown!
I will add som features like kick/contraction  tracking and filter for the real questions (so you can search into what you really want) . this will make this app the best of best during your pregnancy and avoiding downloading some other apps Best pregnancy tracker app man. My Girl and I are expecting and this app has been awesome with its articles everyday and the almost 3D diagram/model of a baby so you have a idea of how the baby is growing  and the changes going on in and outside of the mothers body. Highly recommend it too all my friends expecting out there. Very informative!  Love the articles and the real question discussions. Two updates needed! 1) allow me to save articles. There are some articles I would like to come back to and I am never able to quickly find them. 2) send a notification when someone responds to my posts/questions. I’m a nanny go a 5 month old little girl, and a 14 month old little boy from different families. The bump has been a great way for me to learn about how the babies are growing and developing. I’ve had lots of experience around kids, and this app offers a lot of accurate and interesting info! I love the updates on how big the baby is and the easy to view countdown. The articles can be hit or miss but it is nice that they only give you 2-3 short articles per day so that the info coming at you is less overwhelming. It would be nice if the questions boards were a bit more organized. Overall the Bump app is a nice app. Sometimes it doesn’t update with new tidbits of information and sometimes the articles repeat and they don’t relate to me. But overall, it has nice information for throughout the pregnancy. It’s fun to see the weekly and daily size comparisons. And the countdown is nice to have. I’d recommend this app to any pregnant woman. This is such a great app! I’m pregnant with my 2nd babe & wish I knew about it with #1. I look forward to the weekly updates. It’s loaded with tons of excellent info. I have a few other pregnancy apps but this one is by far the best & actually kind of wraps them all into 1. I highly recommend:)) I have about 5 pregnancy apps on my phone, but The Bump is my favorite and go-to. If you download just one, this is the one to get. Extremely informative, updated with timely information throughout each pregnancy milestone, very user friendly / visual and fun to check in on! This app has been a life saver to me . It’s answered all of the questions I ever had . I used this app with my first pregnancy but daughter was preterm this time my son was full term . This app answered all of my questions iPad and then some. It’s even suggested questions that I should ask my healthcare provider which I love! This app has loads of information and articles. It tells you how far along you are and how many days until your baby is due. It also has a name generator, kick counter, bump photo organizer, and more. This app is great for tracking pregnancy. The layout and usability is straightforward and easy. All the information I am looking for is right there in front of you when you open the app. The daily fact is a fun tidbit to see. This helps me keep track of the progress of my pregnancy. I like to login and get fun facts, and information each week. There’s also helpful tips and information served up in bite-sized articles. This app was great and so helpful. Every time I had one of those “is this normal?” Thoughts, the app would usually have that answer ready! It was also fun and educational to see the 3D image of baby and my body. Highly recommend it This is my 3rd pregnancy and I am still using this app like it’s my first time. I absolutely love the articles and the 3D baby and body is my favorite feature. Many pregnancy apps are so overwhelming with options and ads—this one is cleaner and “quieter”. It provides helpful information from professionals, so I trust it. Only complaint is the articles can be somewhat redundant and a little “opinionated” about various pregnancy stages or symptoms, which don’t resonate with me. I have downloaded a lot of baby apps, but I will say I have noticed the community is a lot more interactive. I also love how the size reference changes each day. Keeps me excited during my pregnancy journey. I’ve used this app for all 3 of my pregnancies, and I LOVE it. It’s super helpful to keep track of weeks, info, and I use the safe foods list a lot, too! Plus, there are constantly helpful tips for the different stages of pregnancy on there - which is a nice bonus!! Absolutely love this app. It help me understand how my daughter was developing in the womb. Now, she’s 12 weeks and I still check the bump everyday for useful tips and to learn what to expect with each new week. I moved from overseas back to the states in the middle of my pregnancy and this app really helped keep me informed! 
My medical has been less than stellar, the bump app has literally helped me more than my doctors.
Thanks for being so awesome and having so many resources!!! This app is so easy to use I love it! It’s incredibly informative but does not overload you with knowledge. I feel like I can look at thing by a when I want to but I’m not having not read a book every time I open the app. This app has Great information, good conversations and takes you through the journey. I really looked forward to the week by week information during my pregnancy, so much I am on the next steps as well. I used to use Flo to track my period but then when I became pregnant it didn’t provide any good resources for free. Thank goodness I ran into this amazing app that provided awesome content and tracking capabilities. I’m hopeful to keep using after the birth as well. I love this app! The information is great and there is a daily fact that compares your baby’s size and the size of their little body parts to fun things like chocolate chips and stamps. Would recommend for new and experienced moms! I love getting relevant information for every stage, especially with our first baby. I didn’t know anything, so it was nice to have a place I could go to get information that was researched and wasn’t as vague as just Googling it. I LOVE this app! I used it during my pregnancy and I use it now that I’ve given birth. It explains the milestones of the baby from the moment you find out you’re pregnant until even after. And they have articles that answer questions you may have. Love this app. I have used if for both my pregnancies. First time around the articles really helped me understand what was happening and what to expect. Second time around it helped to refresh my memory. I love the “how big is baby this week” gives you some perspective! It’s a good app that has a lot of information for first time moms and second ext. the info changes daily and helps you stay on top of all things necessary. Changes by day and week to help you understand your baby and your bodies changes. Being my husband’s first child it was great to share developmental milestones with him every week. I pretty much knew what to expect as this is my fourth child but he was clueless. It was great to be able to give him information and made him feel more included in babies progress. This is the best pregnancy app—hands down. This is my first pregnancy so I’m filled with tons of questions daily. This is one of two apps I downloaded and I found it to be my go-to. A sea of knowledge from both medical professionals and other moms. Lots of illustrations and helpful interactive diagrams. Love it!!! I love this app it is very informative! It even has a contraction counter. It gives you information on what to expect next dr visit and has many articles of common questions moms will have! My due date is in two days and I have loved this app since I downloaded it! I think as a whole the app is great. I love that it gives consistent updates but not so much that it’s annoying. There is a plethora of info and articles to read. I love the count down and reminders/check lists it offers. For a first time momma this has been a great app. This app has helped me and my baby so much this app is the best it has a little page ware you can write what happened with you and you’re baby that day and it has so much more I totally recommend it! And thank you so much Lord for helping me get pregnant and all I love the lord so much! I absolutely love this app!!! As a first time mommy it helps me to read all of the questions and comments from other women who have been in my shoes! I love reading the weekly updates on how my baby is growing as well as the updates on what to expect with my own body as well! I have 3 different pregnancy apps and this one is by far my favorite. The layout is clean and easy to read/use, the descriptions are spot on, and I love the daily articles they give to provide you with more insight as to what is going on with your body. Highly recommend it! I absolutely love this app! I followed it with out my entire pregnancy and it was dead on accurate with most week to week updates! I’d recommend this app to any family expecting a new bundle of joy and after the little one arrives! So many insights that will help along the way! This is my first child. This app is very user friendly. I can easily relate to the info provided to me through the app. Articles are very useful. Coolest part is the 3D image of baby and also you. It updates weekly so you get to “see” what’s actually going on inside. Cool stuff! Highly suggest! This app came as a breath of fresh air from the last one we used for our first pregnancy. Enjoying the to-do list, articles, and daily updates on our little one. I have enjoyed this app. I wish I would have known about it from the start of pregnancy. I would have utilized more features. I like the bump pics and information given. As a first time mom, it’s been helpful. I’ve used this throughout my 1st pregnancy. I like the weekly updates and lots of the articles gave me topics to discuss with my doctor. I do wish that the planner they have would be built out more in the app. But otherwise it’s a great starting spot especially for me as a first time mom. I have enjoyed this app through 2 pregnancies.  I enjoyed the articles and reading about the baby growing as I was pregnant and then the continued weekly updates as your baby grows week by week up to 1 year old.

Thanks for all the tips and advise!!! Lots of useful info & tips . Gives you some insight on what to expect during each week of pregnancy. The 3d image of baby is very awesome as well as the image of what your body may be looking like as baby grows and moves your organs around lol My favorite thing about this app, other than the articles which tend to be super helpful, are the daily facts telling you how big your baby is every day. It’s fun to see approximately how much they’re growing how quickly. I love this app. I have learned so much especially since I am a first time mom. ALOT of this information was new to me. I felt prepared even when I went to see my doctor and thanks to the app I even had questions for my doctor! Very helpful app. Love this app. I look forward to checking it every day and ready about what size the baby is. They always have informative articles to read each day too. Definitely recommend. 3.5 stars but i’m rounding up. lots of good info and articles to help you in your pregnancy journey. they are somewhat inclusive, including articles about plus size pregnancy and options and images with diverse skin tone. they could do more tho given the higher risks of just about everything for women of color. i also wish i could create my own baby name list because none of the names i’m considering, which are mostly african in origin, do not come up on their lists. as it stands, you can’t add names you want but have to search and choose from names they have. The Bump app is a fun and informative app! I love how each day there is a new fun fact on your little one. For example: “Today your baby's palm is the size of a starburst”
The Bump app provides you with helpful articles to help ease the questions that every mom to be may wonder about. 
I Definitely recommend!! 💙👍🏼 I’ve been using this app ever since I found out I was expecting, and I’m still using the app even now that my baby is here! So many helpful facts and tips for practically every pregnancy or birth question you can think of :) I first downloaded this app after I had about 7 women recommend it.. I will say I was skeptical at first, but I LOVE the feature where you can see a 3D model of baby and baby in the body!! It helps ease my anxiety 😂😂 I love checking the app daily for the daily fact, and weekly for my weekly updates. The articles are helpful, each week there is a really informative update about symptoms, baby’s growth, and your changing body. Also lots of helpful tools. Informative and fun insights. The weekly checklist and daily articles to read make it easy to learn things along the way without feeling overwhelmed. My favorite features are the size
info (comparing to fruit!) and the anatomy illustration that shows developments in your body and the baby’s. Love this app. It gives great information and calms my fears when I’m concerned about something. I love how straightforward but also light hearted the articles are, and I get excited every time I hit a new week to see what new information I get. Fun app, definitely recommend for all pregnant mamas. This app has been incredible!  The information has been amazing and right on point!  It feels as though we have been watching our baby grow right along every week! It has brought us to tears at times as we’ve been awaiting our baby’s arrival. For my first pregnancy, it has given so much knowledge to what is going on with my body and our little boy. They also give a lot tools to help with different ailments, along with fantastic recipes! The visuals of what the baby looks like and what is happening each week. I’ve been using the bump since I got pregnant! There were some minor loading glitches in the beginning but otherwise it’s been amazing to me and the accuracy on babys potential weight is great also. Counting down 7 weeks now until I meet babygirl, best of luck mamas 💜 This app is great for new and experienced moms or dads. The forums are  helpful for parents, they provide accurate information besides a few typos they definitely do help study for what’s to come! I’m a first time mom delivering at a birth center and because I like to ask questions and be informed with everything my midwives were very surprised how much I knew!! This is app is nice for the daily facts about your growing baby. The articles are good reads but get repeated often.

My biggest issue is the section for community forums could use some work! I haven’t connected with any moms in my birth month because they don’t have sept 2019 as an option yet and it’s just not as easy to use as other apps like the what to expect app. I wish there was some way to turn the stinking notifications off.. after a loss or a baby is delayed. My daughter was born with brain damage and spent the first 3 months in the hospital. This app sent me WEEKLY reminders that my daughter COULDNT progress. And I had no way to stop them. There’s no easy to find “unsubscribe” button. I enjoyed the pregnancy features. But there should be an easy way for a mom to update from loss or unexpected issues. I found out I was pregnant at week 4 which is super early. One of the very first things I did was download this app. I’d heard I was the best and it has not disappointed- love the graphics, the easy to understand info, and the checklists! It’s going to be a lifesaver for sure! As a first time mom, this app really covers all I want to know! I love the daily facts about baby’s size, developments, and other cool things that are happening with baby-to-be! 
Having forums, questions, and articles always gives me something new to learn! It can feel a little ad heavy, but other than that this is my go-to baby app!! This app really is awesome and hands down my favorite out of all the apps I downloaded for my pregnancy, lets just say all those got deleted! The only thing I would recommend it maybe just a little more daily info instead of just a daily fact. Thanks Bump! There's no need to turn to search engines. The app has everything from weekly updates on you and your baby to personalized advice articles depending on how far along you are. Even better: now it has a food safety section! I love this app, any questions I have they have answers, it breaks down everything I need to know week by week about my baby and how he or she is growing and I love the 3D ultrasounds, it’s shows how your baby is progressing, you also get to relate to other people so you don’t feel alone. ❤️ I loved this app until the update. it’s super informative and I like the conversation section. BUT I recently updated it, and I noticed that now it only shows how many weeks I am. It no longer shows the weeks and days, so I am forced to use another app because I don’t keep track of the days myself. (Pregnancy brain makes sure of that). Please fix! This app does an amazing job at letting you know how things are looking while baby is growing with tons of great info as the pregnancy progresses. Love having the ability to share with loved ones each week as baby grows. I highly recommend this app. Is has helped both my husband and I thought out my pregnancy and even now a year later. He loves it and recommends it to a lot of friends who are expecting. Download it you will not regret it. Going through my first pregnancy is very stressful, and I have so many questions. With this app, I am able to read all kinds of articles and learn new facts about my baby boy every day. It is absolutely wonderful and easy to use! Have been using this App since my son was born, he is 5 months old now. It has such useful information and interesting articles to read. Would absolutely recommend it. Two thumbs up! i like how i could see how i was growing and tip on taking care or fun fax or suggestions, and thing to look out for, what questions you should ask your doctor, and in couraging to know thing that will change in your body Really enjoyed this app from pregnancy to postpartum and beyond! Now that my little one is 5 months I still find it very helpful with tips and updates on what I can expect during these ages. Highly recommend! So many apps overwhelm you with things, but The Bump kept it simple, fun, and informative. I checked it every week in addition to my Flo app (that one I paid for) and it was the perfect balance. This is the best app for those who want no frills and the facts! I had a couple of user errors on my part and instead of shifting blame (most companies do), she took care of it and cared.  This made me so happy and brightened my day especially when being pregnant as a FTM has been stressful during Covid and protests around me.  Thank you Krista for your efforts on helping me :) Love seeing week by week the size of our baby and important reminders along the way. It's the best app for first time mothers such as myself because it gives you lots of tips and resources. Highly recommend! Love the different fruits and veggie sizes the baby is every week ☺️ I loved using this app throughout my entire pregnancy and even into postpartum. It had tons of useful information that helped me learn and prepare. It’s even been nice now that our sweet girl has arrived. Would recommend this to all my friends. Loved this app when I was pregnant. Kept it after baby girl was born and found it shockingly biased towards certain parenting styles. I actually emailed the company once asking for more articles from the gentle/attachment parenting style. Didn’t get a response. After about the 100th article encouraging Cry It Out methods of sleep training, I’ve deleted the app. I encourage other parents that share my perspective to avoid this app until they are able to present advice that is more neutral/comprehensive. I’m a first time mommy and this app has helped me learn a lot about what’s going on with baby. I enjoy the updates each day and reading the articles. I also enjoy that each week a fruit or vegetable represents the size of baby makes it seem more real. Love the app, but what happened to the daily size comparisons..??? I think the app did away with that feature at the last update and it was probably one of my favorite features. I’d keep my husband posted every day! Overall I prefer this app over most of the other pregnancy tracker apps. I found this app okay. A lot of the articles it provides are a little silly as they really offer no information. But after scrolling through my feed and seeing an article with a photo of a dead baby on it, I’m definitely over it. This could have been put in the article to be seen once clicked on, not right out front where you’re forced to see it. I’m sorry, this is not what I want to see during my first trimester and I don’t agree with the way it was shown. This app is so good. I wish I had something like this when I was pregnant with my children. I’m following my daughter’s pregnancy. She lives far from me. This keeps me connected to her and our little nugget. Two 👍 Expecting my first child and I’m really enjoying the Bump. From the daily facts to week by week summary of my babies development along with my bodies development, the app is very useful and supportive of moms. There are forums to discuss anxieties and symptoms that I found very helpful. I relied on the Bump to help guide me through my pregnancy. I found the articles and weekly reads super helpful and informative. I used this app every day multiple times a day and it even offers more once the baby arrives. I Downloaded the app when I was pregnant with my first baby and it has helped me a ton specially with symptoms and questions. This is the goggle search but for pregnancy, baby and kid’s relating stuff. I would definitely recommend 10/10 This app has been with me since before my first born was born and it followed us allll the way up to her 3rd birthday which is soon approaching, it has been very informative and reassuring for a 1st time mom. I now use it for my newborn as well 😊😊😊 great free app! I took 1 star away bc the chat forums aren’t really the best. It’s very useful, has a lot of features other pregnancy apps don’t have. The major downside to me is the adds and sometimes it’s hard to search for something specific. But those are super easy to look past (especially since the app is free!)! As a first timer this app has been great for easily finding information I need about the changes in my body. Love the 3d model of the baby and your body through each week of pregnancy. They all have a few different things to like, but the 3D baby and the facts for each week are very informative and fun to keep up with! The articles seem the most helpful as well :) I love all the information I can get from this app. Sometimes it freezes up on me but that's my only issue. The weekly size comparisons and videos that I can watch are very helpful even in my second pregnancy. This app is filled with really useful, really accessible information, and is just super cute, to boot. The language feels supportive and encouraging, but never in a saccharine, artificial way. Also, it’s lovely to help me stay organized with checklists and appointments! BIG fan. This app offers so much information for every step of your pregnancy! I love reading all of the details of each week of my pregnancy and how baby is developing. The articles have been helpful as well. I’ve tried multiple pregnancy apps and I like this one the best. I like the daily updates on your baby. Other apps only update you on your baby weekly but this one has a different update every day and it’s fun to get something new about your baby. This app by far has the best weekly updates for not only your pregnancy, but for baby’s first year! The articles are also useful, informative, and entertaining. The real answers is lacking, but let’s be real, that’s what google and our doctors are for ;) This app gives all kinds of information; answers questions you didn’t even think to ask and has questions and feedback from other real life pregnant women! I highly recommend this app if you’re expecting!👍🏻 Just a shame it doesn't have this option, so my app has my status as myself being pregnant. 

Would be nice if I could use the app at the partner and share information. This app is awesome My wife’s pregnant and I thought it would be cool to help track and maybe read up on what’s going on with her and this app has been awesome so far from fun facts all the way to researching things you might be curious about this is an awesome app I'm having my first child & this app has been so helpful. Giving advice from what questions to ask your OB to what chemicals to stay away from. Very informative & I love the weekly updates. The 3D feature of what the baby looks like at the stage I'm in is amazing! Has been so helpful to read about my pregnancy every week! And is making me so excited every day to meet my baby! I love the feature where it shows the 3D rendering of your body and baby This app has great content and offers more information than many of its paid competitors. Unfortunately is also inexplicably drains my battery like crazy! On multiple occasions I have been reading an article and my battery has decreased by 10% in a matter of 3-5 minutes. I’m not sure what the deal is but I hope it gets fixed soon! I was using my cycle tracking app in pregnancy mode for my first trimester before downloading The Bump, and there’s so much more content here! I love the daily baby size facts, and extra articles like registry suggestions a, baby name lists, etc. I love all the information this app provides for you! Every day there are new articles for where you are at in your pregnancy. I love how it tells you what is happening with your baby and you! Thank you! Love all the information, both evidence-based and anecdotal! I learned a lot as the stages appeared week by week. It starts from your pregnancy and walks you through your baby’s first years. As a first time mom, having all this information available has helped me so much. The daily reminders, the checklists, and the ability to have all my registries in one place for people’s convenience, it’s awesome! Such cute ways of telling you how big your baby is. I look forward to opening the app and seeing the fact of the day. I also enjoy the articles that are tailored to how far along you are. I used this app with both babies….and I love it. Other apps makes you pay for nearly everything on the app. The bump app is absolutely my number 1 go to app when trying to conceive and while carrying ❤️ This is my first pregnancy and I’ve only found a few other apps but this is by far my favorite one out of all of them! It has everything a mother would need to prepare for her baby and more! I would be absolutely lost without this app. Not only did it help with pregnancy, but also baby growth and milestones after being born. As a first time mom, I have needed the information this app provides. I’ve not only learned a great desk but was also encouraged as well. The app not only provides information on both baby & mother’s development but also provides tips as well as what next steps to prepare for baby. I started using this app to follow along with my daughters first pregnancy. I can’t wait for each weeks “this is how big the baby is”. 
She’s now pregnant with #2 and it’s just as fun to go to this app and see what’s happening in there. I love this app!!! The Bump has made my first pregnancy so much easier with all of the facts, articles and suggestions. I love reading the weekly updates as my baby grows and how easy I can share that with my husband. Have enjoyed every single week of this valuable app. I have learned so much how the baby grows and progresses each week. Also love knowing how mom’s body changes every week. One of the best apps out there. Great articles, and a fun daily feature that updates you on how big your baby is that day. Was one of my favorite apps during pregnancy that I checked daily, and highly recommend! I used this app after a friend suggested it to me. I found it useful and very easy to use. I loved the new content everyday and graphics of my little baby. I am a first time mom so I wanted all the information I could get. I would highly suggest Currently using this app during my 4th and last pregnancy and I love it. For it being my 4th pregnancy I’m learning so much. I love the daily articles they’re so relatable and informative. Not to mention I also have 3/4 other pregnancy apps and this hands down is my favorite one. Great app for interesting aspects of fetal development.  Favorite is the weekly pictures during pregnancy as well as the weekly pictures of our baby after she was born.  On second pregnancy now with this app and I have to say the photos section is my favorite. I love this app! It’s free and has some great, short, informative articles. They can get a little repetitive and sometimes it’s difficult to navigate to other sections of the app. But overall I looked forward to reading my few new blurbs every morning throughout my pregnancy and still do today for my 4MO. This is a great app for a first time mom like me! The 3D images are so helpful to really understand just how much baby is growing each week. Also the suggested articles are relevant to what you go through each week! If you’re a first time parent (like us) this is a great app to answer some basic questions, relieve anxieties, and stay informed. It’s easy to use, and doesn’t pull punches on what to expect. I’m very glad that both my wife and I used this app. I used this app every week through my pregnancy and I’ve continued to use it after. It’s awesome to watch the baby grow and to also talk to other mamas who are going through the same stuff you are (during and after pregnancy)! This was my favorite app throughout my pregnancy!! I checked it every day for new articles and would get so excited to learn about my weekly updates! I’ve never left a review for an app before and I loved it so much that this was my first. Love this app. Used the What to Expect app for the first few months and wasn’t quite happy with it, some bugs and lots of product placement. Switched to this one and love the graphics, the daily fact and everything else it has to offer! Had it for only a week and So far really love the app. Many great articles that are helpful related topics. Great and detailed updates about you and baby! They help you with baby check list it’s a beautiful breakdown! I have used this app for all my kids. It’s so cool to have day by day little facts about the baby’s size. My favorite thing is the 3D model of the baby. So cool to watch out little bean grow and change into a little person! I enjoyed the content while I was pregnant with my first and everything was so new. I was surprised to see the continued content after baby is born with what the baby is learning now. This app is amazing and provides insight into baby’s growth and changes in mama. I love the weekly summaries and the 3D feature to see the changes in your baby and also yourself. Highly recommend! Very useful information, links to products and discounts, and a knowledgeable timeline of events to keep track of your progress during pregnancy (from beginning to end.) Great graphics and all!! Worthwhile! I have loved having this app! It has great articles, checklists to help you prepare for a baby, and is easy to navigate. Plus it’s free!! Would absolutely recommend this to my friends and family. I love the to-do list especially because it is my first pregnancy experience. Really helps you understand what is going on with you and gives you a lot if information in a clean format. Excellent content that I could almost* spend all day consuming, but the lack of contrast in the app’s user interface is the only reason I end up closing the app after quickly reading what the size of my baby is this week. Who doesn’t have a dark mode these days? I love that this app doesn't force u to pay to access their content (unlike others). The weekly summaries are simple and informative and the articles are always on par with what I need to know at the time. I subscribe to the bump for my pregnant daughter!  She absolutely loved opening her box every month and having something special for her! Thank you guys for making her smile these last 8 months !! Little man will be here soon! This Lollie is overjoyed!! I used this app when I was pregnant with my son & still use it to this day I love reading about what he is supposed to be doing every month & how it shows me how many weeks he has been in my life ❤️ brings me joy! Started using this app when I found out I was pregnant around week 9. So helpful to see the size of my baby compared to fruits/vegetables and the real life virtual videos. I always enjoying the helpful articles they have for each week. ❤️ Overall this app is pretty good for the countdown aspect. But I wish they would let you add the gender of your baby and share it with your partner. 
Also I don’t understand where they get their measurements. Today my baby is the size of a coconut but next week it’s the size of a grapefruit.. which is smaller than a coconut.. I love this app and the plethora of information. However, and I’m not sure if it’s just me, I can’t get through a single article without accidentally hitting a hyper link to another article while trying to scroll and read. Other than that the articles are relevant and it’s fun to get my daily comparison of baby. I also like the 3-D version of baby. First time mommy here and I am obsessed with seeing my baby’s growth. I use this and Ovia pregnancy( Ovia shows you the size of your baby’s hands and feet which I like). The interface of bump is so visually attractive and simple to understand. If I had to choose one pregnancy app it would definitely be bump! Love love love Great for tracking your due date.. however it’s literally the least helpful app information wise. Don’t really recommend unless super vague 3 sentence “paragraphs” and instructional are your thing. A lot of the articles seem to come from more, seasoned women, and they’re kind of snotty which is crazy cus it’s an app for tracking pregnancy but I felt like I was being judged with half assed info everytime I opened the app😂. BabyCenter is great though! Glitchy. Filled with ads that are “content” which are not clearly labeled according to advertising guidelines. Really annoying to find out your being pitched a product mid article.  Content feels stale, click bait often with little substance. Hard to read ahead of the stage that your at. Second star is for the 3D image of baby which is fun but hey ever think that not all babies are white? I haven’t used all the tools etc. Since day one always gave 5 stars for this application, unfortunately the bump in their last update did a horrible damage to the caption area by not allowing to write our memories or messages regarding that day. The only you can read is a bunch of numbers when I tried to caption my pictures. I recommend the bump to work in that issue so can be the best application for pregnancy and first year of the baby. Thank you in advance for taking a look in this problem. I downloaded all of the most popular baby apps when I got pregnant. I find this one the best, I love the daily fun facts and the interactive 3D baby thing each week. The to do list feature is the best that I’ve come across in all the apps. I enjoyed the app while I was pregnant. After having the baby, I had so many questions and concerns. I felt the Bump app was awesome and always providing content for the troubles you have at each stage with a newborn (specially for 1st time mommies like me!). Love this app! I recommend it to everyone because I found it so helpful. Now that my son is born I still find it helpful with the articles. This app helped me through my pregnancy and now after with educating me and giving me information and resources. I have been having a problem with this app and website not allowing me to post in private groups, Love people’s posts, tag people in my posts, and generally being difficult to use. I love being a part of this community, but it is increasingly frustrating to use the app. While the folks I’ve talked to have been quick to email me back, there has been no change in the issues I’ve had with the app for several months now. I love this app the only thing I wish would be different is to have stories and suggestions for twin/multiple births. You have the option to put that you are having multiple but only one name spot and no stories for people who are having more than one baby!!! But overall awesome app. This is my favorite of the baby tracking apps. I love the fruit comparison graphics each week. I text them to my family and they love getting updates. I also love the interactive baby and all of the information. I love this app! It keeps me on track with general information about my progression in pregnancy, the resources are wonderful for tracking weight gain, organizing pics, etc I have been loving this app so much for weeks! So much info and I get excited to read the new articles and see baby’s growth every new weeks! Best app out there for expecting moms! Helped my wife and I a tremendous amount. A lot of questions are answered that things to look out for. Definitely an app to get if you are even thinking about having a baby. First-time mom here - this app is very informative on everything going on with me week by week; symptoms and insights are spot-on. The daily updates (such as baby’s changes in size) are very cool. Love the articles included, very helpful. Very informative app I used it with my first and now am using it with my second pregnancy. I love that it updates me on what my toddler should be doing and I enjoy reading about my pregnancy and the growth and changes happening. This app is not only free, informative and reassuring-it’s SPOT ON with the thoughts and feelings I was having through my pregnancy. Knew when I was worrying about mat leave, moving house and genetic testing and talked me through every step. Couldn’t recommend more. Not only do you get helpful articles, there’s your weekly size updates, 3D weekly updates for you and baby. My FAVORITE is the daily size updates “Today your baby is the size of a ______.” The best best best part! I have over 4 different pregnancy apps on my phone and this one is by far the best one i have. Not only does it give you size comparisons but it gives you articles to read, daily facts and much more! Love it I love all the information I get on this app. It helps so much being a first time mom! I also love knowing the exact countdowns for my pregnancy and the beat things like fruit and vegetables the baby is measuring up to every week. I love this app! I have used it for both of my pregnancies! When I was pregnant with my first I was really overwhelmed and nervous but this app gave me the right amount of info to help me through it. Plus it’s so cute seeing the weekly updates of how big my baby is compared to fruit! Hahaha This app had me so excited to see how big baby girl was every week! I loved the daily articles, the 3D view of baby and my body, the little daily facts every day and the other helpful resources it has for soon-to-be moms. Such a great app! I put all my information in and loved the app! But now it won’t open at all. Opens to the sweet photo of the baby being tossed in the air and crashes. I turned my phone off and back on, deleted and redownloaded Bump and it’s still doing the same thing.
Also I’m now being bombarded with spam email, even after I unsubscribed. Mostly from people they sold my info to (registries, baby sales things) I downloaded this app to track the growth of my baby and love that feature! App functions really well, and it has a ton of articles. It leans more towards the medical model of birth with OBGYNs, while I lean more towards the Mama Natural way. It barely has any information for more natural moms, but I still get a lot of helpful stuff from it. I loved this app when I originally downloaded it. It was easy to use and functional. With the most recent update, I am no longer able to search for questions posted by other moms and experts which was a big reason why I used it. Now it’s just like every other pregnancy app I have and not a stand out anymore. I went to open my app this morning and had a notice that it needed to be updated and wouldn’t give me an option other than to click “okay” and allow it. Ever since it updated I can no longer find the extremely helpful community section where I can type a question or read threads of other questions posted by users. 

That was one of my favorite features of this app This is so much fun for me as a grandma. My daughter is pregnant with my second grandchild now, and I follow her pregnancy this way. 
I love it!
I wish there had been something like this when I was having my kids 35 years ago, but we didn’t even have the internet. This app is awesome! It accompanied me throughout my whole pregnancy, keeping track and informing me of all the important changes that my body and baby we were going through. I would recommend it to every pregnant woman, especially if it’s your first pregnancy. I loved the app before the last update. It previously gave me a daily fact which I looked forward to every morning but since I updated it’s gone. I still enjoy the other features but really miss that daily fact. Helpful app! I find some glitches in the text on the 3D view of baby and body but otherwise appreciate having condensed info in one place! My husband got it too so he can follow along This app was amazing throughout my wife’s pregnancy and even now that my daughter is a week old.  For any question or thought I had on basically any subject I was able to find an article on the topic There are so many pregnancy apps it’s hard to choose which one to download. But I love this one. It gives lots of info weekly not to mention fun daily facts as well :) would definitely recommend. Besides having helpful articles and information the Bump has BioDigital integration that allows you to see how your baby and body progress throughout pregnancy. This app is so good for learning new things for newborns and more!🥰😍🥰🥰🥰 as a mother of a 9 month old this app helps me a lot teaching me about exercises and feeding baby food so I recommend this app for new mothers 😍🥰😍😍🤪🤪 My wife and I have been following her pregnancy each week. It has been so comforting. We look forward to reading about our baby each week! Thank you to the Bump team. ❤️ I like that I’m able to track how far baby is along with this app. The recommended articles are right on target with what I’m feeling or seeing with baby. I love this app because it tells you an interesting fact about your baby’s size everyday and every week it gives you a very detailed description about what’s going on with you. Pretty much only source I have been using while pregnant. Love useful baby names section, daily article suggestions, search option, daily fact, week tracker, weekly to do list & more!! App send me notifications daily about articles to read. Articles are crisp and dont take much time to read while giving us good information. I love reading about the developments of my baby and what changes my body will go through. I like to look at the week ahead and see if I feel any of the symptoms or changes. It’s exciting. Thank you. I went through 4-5 baby apps before sticking with this one! It provides a ton of useful info and doesn’t start with a ton of overwhelming and intimidating information! It gradually builds up to it with your pregnancy. The sizes everyday for comparison are pretty cool too. Look forward to checking the app daily as opposed to others that will only give you weekly updates this app gives you daily fun facts the make each day something to look forward to I used this app for with my first pregnancy and it was the first app I downloaded with my second. It’s very helpful and offers greats tips and advice. I love how every day it compares baby’s size to something relatable. Highly recommend for accurate info during pregnancy. This is my first baby. I have been able to learn a lot of information on this app! My mom was able to tell me a lot but this app was able to answer all my questions! Highly recommend to everyone! Used a few different apps and the bump blows all others out of the water! Love the ability to ask questions and get advice right on my phone. The 3D images are my favorite! Tells about baby and my body! Very awesome app! I like the Bump App and it’s my favorite online community of pregnant women, but some kinks and bugs need to be worked out. Sometimes it constantly makes me log back in, sometimes it takes me to pages with malware and pop-ups from the Community boards. I then have to delete the app and redownload. I like the content but the delivery needs work. The Bump has a simple interface and is user friendly.  The daily articles are informative and easy to read.  Most of the tips are practical and fun.  Overall, I look forward to all the new fun facts and weekly updates. I loved everything about this app. I tried a few others and keep coming back to this one. From the resources and articles to community forums it really is super helpful. I actually had 2 different pregnancy apps but I ended sticking with this one because I like the 3D pictures as well as the straight forward & simple info they provide week by week. Okay, seems like the main preggo app. Lots of endorsements for products from guides, but seemingly good info. Lots of updates weekly and pertinent doctor info. Do you research about natural pregnancy! I suggest planning or first trimester. It will change your whole perspective on the industry of being pregnant. I love this app & how much research it has included in it. The different articles that show up each day are so helpful. & I love that it tells me a different fact about baby’s size each day. I’m 22 weeks with my first baby! And am loving The Bump app, I highly enjoy getting the weekly updates on babys growth, info on symptoms, body changes, the other articles to read, etc. 10/10 baby app!! This is my second baby and I love having the opportunity to include my three-year-old each day and understanding the size of his little brother growing in mommy’s tummy by getting a notification every day! The Bump is such a fun and informative app. I love the daily daily comparisons of size of baby, the breakdown of what baby and my body are going through and absolutely love the 3D views!  I look forward to checking out the updates daily. The daily updates are awesome to look forward to each morning 
And all the articles really do feel helpful
And informative 28 weeks along and I look forward to each weeks news fruit or veggie and all the info on what’s going on inside there! Articles are helpful as well. I’ve used this app for several pregnancies and after baby arrived.  They’re in point with every mile stone for baby, no matter what stage.  It’s very reassuring to see all the things baby and I go through or experience are very normal and to be expected. My hubby and I look forward to the articles and updates every day! Lots of recommendations from verified professionals to help guide you through this journey. We would highly recommend! As someone who is new to all of this, I don’t even know where to begin. The Bump app helps organize what I need to get done for that specific week and provides articles answering some common questions and not so common questions. I’ve been using the Bump since my very first pregnancy. I just love how it shows the development of the baby every week with an image and how your body is as well. The articles are very helpful too! Using this app for my second pregnancy because it has the right info and right amount content each week compared to other apps. Nicely designed and calming. Don’t do reviews normally but this app is amazing. I started using it when I found out I was expecting at the beginning of 2020. LOVED it throughout my pregnancy, now that he’s born I still use it every week. It’s great for milestones throughout pregnancy as well as after birth. Cool facts about your growing baby and changing body! Love the ability to ask questions and read about journeys that are similar to your own! Love this app!! I used it during my first pregnancy and am using it again during my second! I love the 3D feature that lets you explore how the baby is developing and how the momma’s body is changing at each stage of pregnancy. It’s easy to use and fascinating. Content is generally good and approachable. My only complaint is there’s no way to search for content in the app. I looked forward to what fruit or veggie size my baby was each week. I love all the facts and after you give birth they have tips for your developing baby as well so I still use it every once and a while with my 4 month old. I love using the Bump. It’s fun, interactive, and it’s super informative during every week. It gives you plenty of knowledge and fun articles to read as well. I enjoy seeing the progress and getting new information daily on baby’s growth. As a first time mom, The Bump has been very insightful and full of information. I feel like I have been more prepared through the weeks and knowing what to expect during each stage of my pregnancy. Love it I love this app ! I love how much information it gives me throughout my pregnancy! The daily facts are my favorite to read and I appreciate all the articles it gives you throughout the weeks . Definitely makes understanding my pregnancy so much easier Loved the information that I was provided. The only thing I didn’t like was sometimes the links wouldn’t take me where they were supposed to, so I’d have to find some articles a different way or I couldn’t find them. Overall really enjoyed the countdown and information. Love the layout and the graphics so much! But I don’t think the fruits/veggies are very accurate. How can the baby be a yellow squash after a melon? In comparison to some of the other growth apps I’m using, it leaves a lot to be desired. Plus their registry integration is so sad. You have to make your registry through them on the front end or it’ll never appear correctly. Been using The Bump for my entire pregnancy and have found it to be extremely helpful. I love how they keep track of how baby is growing and offer a contraction counter. I love the articles and so does my husband. highly recommend for all my pregnant mommies out there 😊 As a first time parent this app gave us the play by play every month until our baby was born. It also has all of the answers you need after the baby is born. I HIGHLY recommend this app for first time parents. 💯% I’m pregnant with my first child, and out of all the apps I’ve came across i love the bump app!! From the fun facts, to the not so fun facts, to the weekly baby tracker and the different mom conversations and more! I looked forward to every notification on my from from them 🧡 As a first time mom to be I find this app gives me so much information that I have found useful. I love hearing what other moms have gone through. It’s like a community of moms and professionals that are always available whenever I have a question. I downloaded this app to help me out during my first pregnancy. It has been great because it offers so many good things and also has a community forum you can read as well as ask questions to other moms out there! So I really loved this ap until the 3D explore feature stopped working and every time I clicked on it the app would freeze my whole phone, I tried deleting the app and redownloading but it still freezes my phone if I try to use the 3D explore feature. Bummer because before that started happening I really loved this app. Gives great detail into what to anticipate, the size of the baby, neat facts and helpful tips. Especially love being able to look at what foods are ok and what are not in the beginning when things are new. It’s good to tell you different things about daily life as a pregnant woman and it tells you what foods you can eat and what to avoid. Tho there are some foods on here that aren’t listed to see if it’s okay to eat but this is a cool app. love it.. gives you 3D view of the body every week mommy and baby and explains why your having these types of symptoms .. what to stay away from or what you need.. so much This is definitely my favorite pregnancy app! All the functionality you need, a clear UI with fantastic visuals, and it’s less spammy in-app and via email than others. Highly recommend! Educational, fun, and interactive! I love seeing the weekly updates on my babies growth and I love the extra articles they have available for almost any question you may have! Seems to  be right on track except the sizes are pretty arbitrary and kinda funny. “Your baby is the size of a watermelon” lol that could be a big variance. Aside from that I do enjoy the app and we like to have a good laugh about it. Loved this app both when I was expecting and now after in this newborn phase. I’ve learned a lot and found a lot of the articles and facts very helpful throughout this whole journey. I have downloaded and tried about 6 or 7 different pregnancy apps and deleted them all after using this one. The most user friendly and informative! This app was extremely helpful in tracking my pregnancy and giving quick and easy to read articles for different stages. I’ve used this app along with another one for each of my pregnancies. I’m about to deliver my 4th soon. Love this app and everything it shares! Very helpful for a first time, or even 4th time mom like myself. Love that you can actually read about things that’s really happening. I’m a male and I track my wife’s pregnancy with this. It’s a nice way to actually see what my wife is going tru so I can anticipate what I should be doing. I used this app for my daughter 3 years ago and we are now pregnant with our second. Switched it from toddler to pregnancy and tadaaaa I get to stare at pictures of fruit and dream of this little baby The Bump helped me see how my baby was growing with nice images and information week by week. I enjoy reading the articles of very helpful information about parenthood. I love this app! It’s kind of like a Pinterest for pregnant women but with knowledge of pregnancy. Also a lot of facts and you get to keep track of your pregnancy and they tell you how big your baby is that week and what’s growing! It’s really great for moms and first time moms like my self!❤️ very beautiful app! There is some good info in the app, but I would encourage people to find info elsewhere as well. There are a lot of capitalist/ consumer ideas that wiggled their way in here. The creators need to make money and I understand that, but some “articles” are really only motivated by a retail industry. One of the best parts of this app was the forum where people could post and answer questions about everything from trying to get pregnant to post pregnancy issues. With the new app update this area disappeared. I’ll still keep the app for the tracker part but the articles weren’t the main reason I was there, it was the community. Disappointed. I had this app for the short time I was pregnant.. When I finally decided to edit the status of my pregnancy to “I have experienced a loss” the sympathy message that appeared after meant a lot to me. I will definitely be using this app for future pregnancies. This app is awesome! Super informative about my symptoms and what to expect at my appointments. Everything so far has been spot on. My husband and both of our moms downloaded it too and they all enjoy seeing how big my little is getting :) I absolutely love this app! It is so resourceful and provides high quality information for free! It has amazing features and keeps me updated on my baby’s development and what to expect. I highly recommend. I don’t know how people had kids before the Bump App. Like anything else web-based, some of the various articles can hold conflicting info if you obsess and dig deep in one topic area, but still lots of great info for first time moms like me. Some of the baby size comparisons seem inconsistent but meh, I still check it out daily. Overall I love this app! As a new mom to be, this has been a great resource. The only thing I’ve notice as a problem is the tracker for how far along I am. 2 days ago I was 5 weeks 5 days, and now it’s showing I’m 6 weeks and 7 days? I think the 7 is supposed to be a 1 I’m assuming. Otherwise I love the app :) Love this app, it has been so helpful during my pregnancy and has prepared me for things my doctor doesn’t even tell me about. My mom even downloaded it so she can follow along my pregnancy journey. This app is a must! It’s a time warp experience, except with a lot more info and education along the way - wish we had it back in the day.  Thank you all who contributed to the content. The old layout was much better. This one is far too busy and makes it difficult to navigate. In my past pregnancies this was my go to app, the UI was great and so easy to use. This new version is over crowded and difficult to find the info I need, visually it’s a downgrade. When I found out I was pregnant I downloaded about 6 different apps that were recommended. After a few weeks it was clear that The Bump was all I needed - my one stop shop! I love to read the weekly update as well as the daily fact. My husband asks me for the daily fact every day and it always makes us happy.  Highly recommend this app. I truly love this app and have used it every time. I also enjoy the information they provide regarding pregnancy and more. It’s a great tracker and I like the cute little pictures to compare baby growth. So wish I would’ve had this app back in the day when I was expecting. Learning all this information for vicariously through my expectant daughter via the BuMp app! This has been an amazing app!! I love the 3D baby and me feature as well as the daily articles, time line and the weekly fruit/food measuring.

I love that it’s free too!! So many features for expecting mamas :) My only complaint is that the baby name section could be more useful if you could add custom names to favorites and not be stuck with the ones in the database. I wanted to use it to whittle down names but several of the names I had as semi finalists weren’t options. :( I love that there is a new baby update everyday unlike other pregnancy apps. This app is very informative and user friendly. Great groups and articles about anything you need to know. I’m 38 weeks pregnant with my first baby, and the app helped me a lot, I’m really anxious, so reading what may happen during pregnancy week by week helped me a lot. Also has a lot of nice curiosity about pregnancy. I loved using the bump app during my first pregnancy and even after my son was born. The app is filled with tons of great info, easy to navigate, and I loved getting weekly updates as my pregnancy progressed. This app really helps me keep track of where my partner is with our baby! I really enjoy the articles and they are a great place to start for any expecting couple. I’ve used this app for my first two pregnancies and now I’m using it again for my third. I recommend this product to ANY pregnant mother. There’s always so many interesting articles and interactive things to learn from! I used the app during my entire pregnancy, and still do! I really found it helpful and comforting. I enjoyed and looked forward to the weekly updates, and I still do with all the milestones and appointment information. It’s a great app to follow! It’s fun to see how big baby is and how his or her development is likely coming along, but the whole design of the app assumes your giving birth in a hospital and getting ultrasounds regularly. It’s pretty annoying to be reminded to have a checkup or an ultrasound when it has nothing to do with my situation. There should be a “home birth with midwife” mode, so women who are choosing alternative care can feel included and seen. My daughter, who’s 12 weeks along, lives far away. Both of us having the app makes me feel closer to her and her progress. We’re getting a laugh out of the daily “your baby is as big as ____” feature. I love all the info it gives also the fruit comparison of the baby’s size , it can be a little annoying to get around and confusing but it’s give great information and updates of the baby growth and when it’s close due date and count down. Sometimes you can’t upload your own pictures in the bumpie section, so you have take pictures from the app. Other than that a great app that keeps you updated and easy for you to track. I have had this app since the beginning of my pregnancy! It has weekly updates on my babies growth and answers so many questions I didn’t even know that I had. The app itself is pretty glitchy and crashes every once in a while. One of very few pregnancy apps that really details every single week! And the best part of it all it’s not one of the apps that makes you pay to keep seeing more information. I’m so glad I found this app ! Keep up the great work! I love this app and use it every day to read articles, check baby’s progress each week, and I really love the 3D feature. On the homepage, though, it tells me “Winter Baby Due in 15 weeks” but I’m due in July... maybe made by a company based in different time zone or maybe its a bug? My phone gets so hot when the app is in the foreground that it can be uncomfortable to hold. Once the app is closed or backgrounded the phone cools immediately. 20 minutes in the app can take 10-15% of my battery life. Not sure what the app is doing that it needs to work that hard but clearly some efficiency improvements are needed ASAP. I found my babies name on this app after searching almost 9 months for one, and I absolutely love everything about the app. There is so much information that is super helpful. Very informative. I love all of the articles that are available. Even after I delivered, I’m still getting updates on my two-year-old is developing! Love this app, it’s so helpful to know the growth of my baby and also the changes my body is going through as well as so many good ideas about everything baby related ❤️ I loved using this app to track my pregnancy and see how my baby was growing each week. But I also loved all the articles about different pregnancy topics. I enjoy reading the articles, seeing what vegetable my baby is that week, and of course seeing what the upcoming symptoms will be. And there is so much more. I would and do highly recommend this app. I checking in every day for a small update, and once a week for their longer lessons on your current stage. The app also includes a to-do list for the week, brilliant!! Used this app my entire pregnancy and still using it to learn about my child’s development as he grows. Love how the entire pregnancy it shows you how big your baby is by a fruit or vegetable. As a father to be this app is awesome to know what is going on. I can be more supportive and understanding of everything that my wife is going through. It is also exciting to see how our little baby is developing. Very interesting and informative, they didn’t have this when I was expecting! Look forward to getting notifications and following along with my grand baby’s growth! This app tells you everything you need to know! 
It updates you with your weekly progress. 
Links to so many articles about the need to know topics. 
I love this super informative app! Mos f the pregnancy information s accurate, however I’ve found that the description of the baby’s size week after week is smaller than it should be. The Ovia app is more accurate. The Bump still provides useful pregnancy information, so I use both. Every day size reports of babies growth. Great bullet points of symptoms and baby development based on week. Short and concise articles about how to prepare and what to expect through the process. Highly recommend to new moms, but may be redundant to well seasoned moms. I got sent an email about this app without signing up. Upon looking at this app, I saw that they’re in the same company as the Knot and I have the Knot’s app. I think it’s bad practice to be sending spam email to users that don’t have the Bump app and asking them to download the app especially since it doesn’t pertain to them. It would’ve been better if they disclosed that the Bump is created by the Knot in the email. Terrible! I love this app because it helps put my mind at ease. I can see what my baby looks like, and how that’s changing my body. I love that aspect of it because this is my first pregnancy so I am super curious and anxious to make sure my baby is doing good. Highly recommend. I used the WTEWYE app previously and it always had me spiraling into all these scary articles. I like that the Bump has a lighter tone with more focus on the pleasant things and need-to-know prep for appointments and what is happening to you and baby. This is my husband and i’s first baby! When searching for apps to help track pregnancy there are lots of options. The Bump was our absolute favorite! Easy to navigate, and has all the information you need! I used other apps with our other children but this has been by far the most informative to help a dad know what is going on with the development of new baby and with his wife’s body. Keep up the good work. Love the app. Very informative. Very useful. 
I wish you could pin/save articles to get back to them at a letter date. Some have a lot of information I might not be ready to dive into just yet but know I’ll want to revisit later ! 
Besides that. Awesome app. It’s a GREAT app to use when tracking the milestones of your baby’s development during your pregnancy and post pregnancy. 

The Q&As are great and helpful. The daily articles are also AWESOME. This app offers the education and support that you will need while going on this new journey. I love it!! I’ve been using it since I found out I was pregnant at 4 weeks and now I’m almost 32 and getting close to my due date. I love the articles it gives you to read every day! Definitely recommend this app. I love the 3 d image of the fetus that you can spin around and see the baby from all angles ...and I love being able to save pictures chronologically ... that would make making a baby book so much more easier The Bump created an online registry page from my registry with Target without my knowledge or consent. When I suffered a late term miscarriage I made the Target registry unsearchable but The Bump's page still exists and there is no way for me to delete it since I never created it in the first place. It shows up when you Google my name and it's just a painful reminder of what I've gone through. Don't support a company who steals people's information against their will. I am a first time mom and I had. I clue about what pregnancy should be or how baby looks at each stage. This app has helped me understand every stage and guided me through what I should expect with each stage. 
I am enjoying it and would recommend it any mom :)) Waking up & checking The Bump every morning during my first pregnancy is the best way to start my day! The articles are always so relevant to what I’m experiencing in that time, and tracking the growth is so fun! I tried several apps, and felt as though they were misty adds, and that’s if I could correctly navigate the app 🤦‍♀️ The app overall is great and set up user friendly. There are times that the suggested articles are not factual. Some seem to be sponsored by other companies or agendas and it shows. Some bias ideas are calling women, birth people or articles for only one race. Other than these culturally driven ideas the app is good. This is my first pregnancy and there’s a lot of information. The made is easy to find what I needed, when I needed it. At my pace. It’s also very positive and covers every detail. Awesome app I love the different articles it gives you everyday and they give you something cute to compare baby to as well it’s very helpful and I will keep it all through my pregnancy :)) I've used the bump in both of pregnancies and now again for the third one! I love all the little daily highlights and tips and everything it has to offer! This is my most used pregnancy app because it gives a different baby update every day and has lots of helpful articles and information! I enjoy the daily reads that the app offers about the baby, your pregnancy journey, registries, and the helpful articles that turn into good reads. Very helpful information for a first time mom!! I really love reading great articles & getting info on what’s going on week but week. The Bump app seems to always know what’s questions I have! Haha super thankful to have all this info at my disposal. Thanks so much! I have used this app for all 3 of my pregnancies and I love it. I never have any issues and all of my ultrasounds match exactly what the app says! Literally used the app from my first baby to my last baby. I have really enjoyed the information provided to me via the bump as well as the weekly fruit and vegetable comparisons that I can share with my family and friends Best app I’ve used so far in tracking my babies development and growth.I enjoy how it allows me to look forward to seeing her progression in real life and in real time With my youngest daughter being pregnant for the first time and living in a different state The Bump allows me to stayed connected with her progress, I love watching my grandson grow through your ap.  Thank you! The Bump was my favorite app during my first pregnancy and again this 2nd time around! They always have interesting articles that you can relate to. I especially love the Daily Facts that describe the size of your baby differently every single day! I would like and use this app a lot more if there weren’t so many pop up videos with the sound on! Half the time when I go to read an article there’s sound from some video playing, rather than scrolling to try and find it, I just end up closing the app and never reading the article. What the-!? Where did the Real Answers go!? That was my favorite part of the app. Also, why is the contraction counter so difficult to get to? I wish it was right in the home screen, that way I don’t have to hunt it down in the app while having a contraction lol. I also wish I could log my baby’s birth just in case she comes early or late. Otherwise it just keeps saying your 40 weeks even if your baby was already born. Absolutely amazing app to have!!! I would never download any other app. Even after my baby was born I read this Dailey!!! Everything is up to date an give you very good tips an advice!! I love it. It has all been correct so far!! Thanks Bump!! I love this app because it definitely provided me with information I was unaware of. Being my first pregnancy everything seems so petrifying, and understanding your body or at least understating what’s normal and what is not can be a headache. Definitely recommend ♥️ I downloaded all the Prego apps as soon as I found out I was pregnant. This is the only one I check now, it’s the most comprehensive and has the best articles, and the least ads! This is the only pregnancy app you’ll need. I loved this app, I used it daily during my entire pregnancy! It has helpful hints and really is great at giving resources with credible information. I would recommend this app to any first time mom or even second or third time mom! This app is very good. It has a lot of useful information and has helped answer questions that I wasn’t comfortable asking others. The group stuff has really helped! I would definitely recommend!! I am a father of two and one on the way (all girls lol) and I absolutely love being able to follow along week by week at the difference stages of pregnancy. The graphics are pleasant and the info is concise and accurate. I’d recommend it to any guy...or woman, for that matter lol. Congrats to all! 👶🏻👶🏼👶🏽👶🏾👶🏿❤️ While the app is convenient, it’s not giving you the most information. If I click the SMS message at the bottom of the page to send a text to friends and family I get more information from the link I’m sending them than the app.  I consider this a huge flaw. Receiving new articles each day has been a great launch point for additional research. I also appreciate the intuitive nature of the UI. I have about three different pregnancy apps and this is the only one I open every morning when I wake up! Love the articles and love the everyday descriptions of the baby. Very insightful and great tips! Just wish there were more animation other then the fruits. Maybe put some other options. Like candy etc. for size of baby. It tells you everything you need to know & in the most fun way. I love knowing when I hit new milestone & get to read about the new week ahead. 💕 Second pregnancy and second time using the app. I love it and enjoy the developmental tracking as well as the information offered in supplementary readings. I highly recommend It’s fun to see the daily and weekly updates. The weekly checklist is extremely helpful and some of the articles have been super helpful First pregnancy. Surprise pregnancy and besides by GYNO The Bump has been my go to. All kinds of useful information week to week trimester to trimester. I would recommend this app to any of my girlfriends who are expecting! 

Thank you so much! 

SW Very informative and I love the 3D models of baby’s development and my body. Great resource especially for new moms! Highly recommend. My parents and husband also downloaded so they can follow along with baby’s progress :) The app is pretty entertaining- gives interesting facts daily, and provides updates to what procedures are necessary and when. Has good articles and videos all about pregnancy and all stages of it. This app was great to have during my pregnancy. It helped me to know what symptoms were normal during each week. I also really enjoyed seeing how the baby grows and progresses each week with the 3D rendering. Our children are so excited to see the 3-D baby and pregnant mommy. It’s also very educational even with this being our 8th baby, there is the latest articles and tips. I’m on my 3rd child, and my 7 year old and I have very much enjoyed our weekly and daily updates on the new little bundle. Very informative for new and not new moms. This app has provided SO much information and in the most organized way. Over abundance of articles and daily progress updates. I have used it most days throughout my pregnancy! I used this app all through my pregnancy and am still using it for my 3 month old. I like reading the articles every day and when I was pregnant I LOVED seeing the renderings of what my growing baby might look like week to week. I’ve used this app my entire pregnancy (due date May 20, 2020) and loved it up until the new update where we can’t access the community’s questions and answers. That part was my favorite and now that it’s gone, it is a HUGE bummer. Dear, The Bump Creators: Please bring it back. It was the most convenient way to connect with our people. **For now, I will be using my other pregnancy app that actually still has a community board called, Ovia Pregnancy. This app was my go to with real questions and answers from other moms. I found it so helpful and comforting that other lady were experiencing things and your expert panel would comment on some as well. The weekly updates on how big the baby is and how your body is changing are so fun to have. I just miss the real questions/answers with the community! I have tried using many pregnancy apps, but this one is by far the best in my opinion. It’s easy to find what your looking for. Love the daily reads/fact, the question forums, 3D look at baby, and all kinds of information. Loved seeing the updates of my baby’s size and what’s going on with my body each week. Not a huge fan of the message boards, but overall loved the app and continuing to use for updates on my newborn’s growth. I love the 3D interactive illustrations detailing the developments of my baby and my body week by week. The articles kept me informed on issues I was curious about and some I hadn’t even considered. Over all really happy with the look and ease of use. Awesome app. Only drawback is on the real answers section. When you click a Q-A and try to go back to the page before it takes you back to the first Q-A on the first page. HIGHLY ANNOYING. Please fix this for iPhone users.

Other then that, I love the weekly updates and alerts! We are adopting our daughter and this has been a fun way to see her progress along the way. My favorite part is where it says ‘How big is .....?’ And it has her name in there! It made me tear up seeing that!! Thank you for making it so personal! My husband and I have really enjoyed this app. I get super excited to check the updates every week and always helps me manage my stress about the newest symptom I’m having 😴 Using this pregnancy app again for my 3rd pregnancy. Easy to check weekly or daily for new reading material on your growing baby and what to expect or build knowledge on. I really enjoy the Bump. I’ve tried 5 different pregnancy apps and this is my favorite. The app itself is easy to use, pretty and informative. I’ve used it for 4 of my pregnancies and it’s been great. The Bump app is easy to navigate and very informative. Tips and articles on various topics are available, and educational videos are also helpful. This app has been so fun to use throughout my pregnancy!  My husband and I both love to read the daily fun facts about the baby.  The articles are also very informative and helpful. I like to use the app for the cute facts that send you around the home or to the grocery store to see how big baby is. I enjoy having fun articles and research on the general appeal of baby supplies and how to prep, what to expect. I also like the logical facts and availability of knowledge on the aches and gains 😉 This app has been so helpful in my first pregnancy. It tells me week by week what to expect and how things are progressing. The daily reads are a great way to get informed in a not overwhelming way. I adore the bump app. It’s a massive resource and such a joy watching our little baby grow through their exciting personalized updates every week. Really enjoy reading the changes that happen in my baby and in my body every week. Very accurate and fun to use This is App is Amazing!!  
Re-Educating a father of 4, better than ever, 30 years later, on everything that happens along the way on this 40 week journey for my daughter.  I tell everyone about your App!  👍🏻 I love the BUMP app I used it with my 1st pregnancy with my son and now I’m expecting again, I love the helpful tips, and daily updates on my pregnancy of how big my baby is and what’s happening each week and trimester. This app is great for info and to track how big your new baby is getting.  I really enjoyed the size comparisons and reading about what is “normal” during the different stages of pregnancy. This app has a lot of helpful, timely content. I mostly use it for the articles and for the 3D view of my growing baby (super cool) but it has many more features! I love all of the articles and that the app keeps track of how far along you are. I also really enjoy the 3D image of how your baby is developing week to week. It really is such a great app! The daily reads are awesome! But when you get to read the week by week, it is the best! Because they really help you understand what you are going through. My husband and I are currently using this app to track our first together. It’s fun going over our week to week updates and it helps keep him in tune with what’s going on with my body. Super cute, and very helpful. Great content! But the functionality is poor. There is no search function or way to save articles, so I can never find specific resources when I need them (unless you want to scroll through the very broad categories). You are better off just using the website. Keeps me informed but yet not scared. I feel more prepare and glad to see every day is something new and helpful to read or see. Guiding me through my entire pregnancy and now every month since babys birth. Just thank u! There were two real partners during my wife’s pregnancy: her Gynecologist and The BUMP. It was awesome to see how every weekly update was exactly matching with was actually happening with my wife. Besides the incredibly helpful articles they publish on a daily basis. I’m having my first baby & this app is a perfect fit for me! it has articles you can read & has real questions answered by other moms. it also tells you roughly the size of your baby! i absolutely love it. It’s accurate and reliable. It tells you everything you need to know about your baby or about what to do about pregnancy symptoms. It’s let’s you know how your baby is growing. It’s a good app for twins to it has everything. This is a wonderful app, especially for first time to be- mom. I enjoy the ability to equate development with a real life 'size' depending on the week. Also i enjoy the baby pictures, and being able to tell what is happenening! Nice to be able to see the baby (3D) & get an idea of size via fruit or veggie samples. App helps you understand what Mom is going through & gives you good ideas for stuff like trips, useful products, etc.. I’ve been struggling so much with my first trimester, but the articles and week by week break down of what’s happening in my body and with the embryo/fetus I’m growing has been such a help! I look forward to opening my app every day to see how big my baby girl is! Every week there is an update on what you should be expecting. So necessary to have! I look forward to reading the recaps every week. It makes me excited, it eases me mind and keeps me educated. Highly recommend! The Bump is full of invaluable resources for pregnancy and parenthood. Such a great resource for first-time parents! Only downside is the app takes extra time to load every time you open it and logs itself out periodically. The Bump is one of the most valuable apps for information on child development. Gregor practical tips, book and product recommendations are beyond amazing. I’m very thankful my partner told me about this app! Most helpful app ever! I’ve used it throughout my journey to become pregnant, my entire pregnancy, and even now that my baby is 3 months old! Amazing resources and support on ALL THINGS baby! My husband and I love tracking our baby’s progress on this app. I find the daily articles so helpful and the checklists have helped keep me organized! Used this for my first kid and plan to use it for my current! I was excited every week to watch the videos and read the information! This app offers a wide variety of information about my pregnancy and has helped keep me educated on so many concerns I had in the beginning As a new mom, The Bump has been so helpful with guiding us through all the new development stages for our little one! They also have great tips for mom and dad as well. That’s always a great plus! Love the app! We didn’t have anything like this 30 years ago when my wife was pregnant. Excited to see the new “fruit”every Sunday, and see how mom and baby are developing. I greatly appreciate this app and have been reading it weekly for updates and sometimes daily for articles that peak my interest. I used this app for my first baby and enjoyed it so much I’ve returned for my second. I love the body/baby info, reviews on baby items and the app is very user friendly. I love having one app that I can go to for so much detailed info for the week to week life of my baby. My favorite thing is seeing the baby in 3D. This app is so educational and helpful, especially with this being my first time pregnancy. Love the visual diagrams that show how big your baby is with each week. 10/10 I’ve used the Bump app for my 1st pregnancy and now I’m using it during my 2nd! Lots of great info and articles to read up on. I also enjoy reading about the growing stages after birth! I love the site! I think it’s so cute to see each week’s update and growth on baby. From food references of baby’s size to the recommended articles on health and wellness, all is warm and welcoming! This app is so informative and have so many different articles you can read! Also shows you weekly pregnancy size/weight of baby. This is a fun app that gives great general information. Definitely double check information with your doctor. BUT! It has really great for helpful, relatable, general information. Every day was a fun reminder of our little baby’s progress and size :) just another thing to help get your through daily nausea and cramps! I check the 3D updates of baby and my body each week and love all the helpful information. Very helpful throughout all stages of pregnancy. Gave information on your body as well as baby’s. Also what you should/shouldn’t be doing at certain points. Also think the daily fun fact is super cute. I really like this app. The articles feel relevant and the overall look of the app is appealing and fun. 
The only thing I wish it had is a time lapse feature for documenting growth, more health stats, and a way to save articles in one place on the app to go back to. Loved the little tidbits each week about the size of your baby! The articles were great and the symptoms were spot on. If I was experiencing something that I wanted to look up, they had it in the discussions. Def a good one to download. 😊 I love this app and use it every day to see what fun little thing it says about the size of my baby. However after the recent update I can’t find the Real Answers? Have they done away with it after years? I know you don’t always gets answers to your questions but I liked having the option to see and answer others’ questions, too. I love this app! The little day-by-day facts and daily easy read articles are wonderful. They make it easy to keep up with what’s happening at that stage of pregnancy and also what to plan for in the near or distant future. Highly recommend. Such an beautiful app & well design. All the question or concerns anything you think about pregnancy is on their even the ones your afraid to ask. I love going on the app everyday reading something about my baby. 💗 I love the app but if I were to have 1 suggestion, it would be to have a full calendar. I need to look forward to certain dates to determine how far along I am on that date. Everything else is perfect. They used to have the daily fact feature. Then got rid of it for some reason. I loved getting on there and seeing cute things like “today your baby’s palm is the size of a chocolate chip.” So disappointed they did away with it. 
Other than that, great app. This app is so great! All my girlfriends recommended it to me with my first baby and I went back to it when we found out about the second bun in the oven. 
It reminds you of milestones and important changes to look for. So informative!! I am currently 39 weeks, I check up daily on this app. I knew what test needed to be taken when going to the clinic. My doctor was impressed when I told her I needed a few test to be done and ask where I learned to track my pregnancy and I told her right away The Bump App. I absolutely love this app. The whole time I was pregnant I loved reading the updates in my baby. And all the great articles every week that they provided that I should prepare for or that I should know. Now that my baby is here it continues and I absolutely love it! Great app! Lots of fun with the little daily updates that I could share with my husband or family/friends! Loved that I could look up my questions and the answers were always there. I’m a dad to be and I loooove this stuff. I love it when my wife rolls our pearls of wisdom only to find I have done my homework and complete her sentences. I think this makes her recognize that I am engaged in the process as much as she is. Get this app guys. It’s good stuff. So fun and helpful to see all the updates your body  and baby are having week by week! First time mom and this has been a must have The bump is the best app out of 4 that I have been using. They have the best articles, 3D simulations and information compared to the others. Highly recommend! it’s amazing app to help you track ur pregnancy and when baby is out it still tracks it gives you advice which well all need as a new mom I’ve used this app from pregnancy and post partum! Still using it to track my baby’s growth, so much helpful info. Highly recommend ! Love this App. Originally I got two other apps as well and the What to expect app is always the same stuff everyday. This app tells you new stuff and has 3-5 new articles everyday. I love it. I have been using this app for my first pregnancy and loving it. The graphics are so cute and colorful and I adore checking in for the daily updates on baby’s size! Highly recommend! This has been great to use in both my pregnancies. I love knowing the growth my babies are going through, and what to expect for myself in my future weeks. Love this APP. Definitely look forward to opening it up everyday and seeing where the baby is at and also love to read all the articles! Just don’t like how they recycle articles or use the same measurements but other than that I like it it keeps me informed and I like finding out the size of my baby weekly The highlight of my morning is checking the daily fact about my growing baby! The articles are relevant and informative. I love the many features this app has and have thoroughly enjoyed using this app! Baby size-tracking tool is cute, and there’s some useful information. But half the stuff is totally irrelevant in 2021. Like articles on having huge baby showers and having multiple people in the delivery room. Not particularly helpful. Wish it was actually updated accordingly I am so happy I ran across this app . It has helped me stay informed about the changes my body are going through and also all the growth milestones of the baby. I would definitely recommend this to all pregnant moms . Seriously, what impossible-to-please people have given this app anything lower than a five star rating? How could you possibly find something about the bump that wasn’t great? It has been SO helpful to me, even as the Dad. I have used this app since pregnancy and have continued after having our a baby. I love it! Sometimes the articles repeat themselves but a lot of good information! My favorite is the weekly 3D moveable pic of growing baby. You can look from any angle and click on newly developing organs that week. Even features a realistic heartbeat (fast!) that made me tear up a little—and it’s not even my real baby! Please be aware of this company if you are using this app they are announcing your due date with yourself and your significant others name on Google. A simple Google search of your name and the first thing that will pop up is this information. I find it very disappointing that a company can announce your babies due date before you! Especially before your 12 weeks when 85% of miscarriages happen. Has a whole lot of pregnancy info, you can link up appointments, and it gives detailed info and 3D images of baby’s development and your body as you go. I love it! We used the app during our pregnancy. We looked forward to see each week what  fruit our baby was. We are now getting great articles to help us with our new baby!! Thank you Thank you My daughter in-law told me about the Bump app. I wanted to know every development of our first grandchild and this app has been great to follow along as “Baby Grand” has grown. He is now 33 weeks along and we are counting down until we can hold him. This app got me through my pregnancy and has helped so much since my baby was born! I love the weekly updates and how easy it is to ask questions and find answers!! I love this app. I downloaded several apps and tried them all out at the same time. By far the Bump gives the best info, has great articles and science based facts. I love the animated baby that allows you se see what’s going on in there! Love, love, love this app!!! It has almost everything. You can talk with parents all around to get advice and what not. Lots of great articles to help with any questions you have. Perfect for new parents in my opinion, really helped me out a lot. I began using this app when I found out I was pregnant. I love how I was able to continue using its helpful articles after my son was born. I love the customization and how the information is valid and valuable. This app is a huge help with any questions and concerns I might have. I love being up to date with my baby’s progress through the week. I highly recommend this app for anyone who is expecting! 10 stars love tracking the progress of my new Grandson … my daughter loves it because I don’t bother her every minute for details … this is a 10 star app and I love being in the loop!!!! My husband and I look forward to sitting down every week to read all about how our little one is growing. Very easy to use. Super resourceful as well. I got pregnant at 20 and had a lot of fears but this broke down almost every aspect of my pregnancy, came with cute visuals, videos, tips and articles, and is very easy to use and navigate. I love it Easy to use, super informative articles and cute user interface definitely recommend to new moms keeping track of their babies 👶🏽 The information for the stages of a baby and toddler has been very helpful to me as I watch my granddaughter grow and develop. Wished The Bump existed when my daughter was a baby 34 years ago! This app gives pretty good information. Currently pregnant and it has helped with some questions I have had The Bump is great! It seems that as soon as I’m thinking about some parenting related issue, there’s an article on The Bump app to walk me through it. Definitely appreciate the app for letting me know I’m not alone! I can keep track of my baby and notifications comes up very often. The app is very informative and gives a very good description of the development. I have other apps but this one is my go to. Love this app soo much!! It’s soo great tracking my pregnancy, seeing what to expect in the following weeks, & baby’s size! I also love that you can click on articles related to pregnancy. Awesome app!! First time mom and this app helped immensely! Every week it gave an abundance of information but not in an overwhelming way. Highly recommend for first time parents I tried a few apps and this is the best for pregnancy! I love the weekly baby size comparisons to food, and the 3D baby images at each week are very cool too. Lots of great articles in the app as well. Love the week by week food comparisons!  Also, gives great information about symptoms and things you will likely experience week by week. I knew a lot of what my dr was telling me at check ups cause of the articles on this app. It keeps you updated of the smallest changes of your baby Love the articles and generally is a helpful resource for pregnancy and postpartum period. Does often feel like they’re trying to sell stuff more than some other apps but given that it’s free, makes sense and is still great. I literally check the app everyday to read tips. Would highly recommend! I also love the articles, I’ve saved so many to go back and review. I loved this app throughout my pregnancy and i love that it continues through baby development. Plus i love that you can upload pictures week to week! I have been using this app through 2.5 pregnancies and 2 babies now and love it. Great articles touch base on all topics related to babies and their families. Bonus is the weekly growth and milestone information! Love the articles and updates. Used entire pregnancy for both kids and after. Thank you Bump App! I loved looking forward to each week and learning about my little one’s growth. I still use it after she’s been born to see her growth and what to expect I think this app is a great way to be able to visualize the size of baby! I would recommend this app to any women trying to get pregnant or who are expecting a little one. Also provides excellent extra information and other links in relation with those milestones to help you understand more about it. This app has all the features I need! Love the name finder and message boards. Wish there was a calendar so I can figure out how many weeks I am for certain events. I have used this app for all of my children. My favorite feature is the to do list! It really helps you stay organized during your pregnancy. This app has been so very helpful both during my pregnancy and postpartum for my first child. It’s fun and helpful to receive monthly updates about my babygirl each month. I used this app in 2017 when I became pregnant with my first child, and now in 2021 as I am expecting my second. I absolutely love this app. It provides accurate information, pregnancy tips, and reminders. ☺️ I recommend it to any mom-to-be. Currently 6 months pregnant with my first child, and absolutely love the Bump app. It’s my favorite of all the pregnancy apps! Besides the weekly info, which is so thorough and informative, I love that there are new articles daily to scroll through. I love The Bump! I am using the app during my first pregnancy and it walks me through the process. I love the informative articles, their is an article for every question I have about my pregnancy. I would recommend this app to anyone. I deleted this app and account after I received an email thanking me for signing up to be a cord blood donor. The email explained I was signed up through my Bump account. I do not appreciate my information being sold to another party especially when it’s something as important and personal as body part donations. It was a pain to get my account deleted. Will be using another app for pregnancy tracking. I used the bump during my first pregnancy and now gain in my second. I love how supportive, informative, and positive it is! And I have a place for all my bump pics (though I wish you could separate them by pregnancy!) Big fan! So greatful to have found this app this was my 1st pregnancy and I still use this app post baby with my 3 month old looking back at pictures and reading stories and tips is amazing !!! Highly recommend I really enjoy the daily update of how big baby is growing and also the articles daily keeping me informed. It’s a great way to give me excellent info without overwhelming me, and I look forward to each day’s articles Of course all pregnancy & baby apps basically are the same, but this one is definitely the cutest. Also never buggy and I love the way it’s designed I like the app for all the information it give you and the way you can see how ur baby is growing and how it’s growing with your body! I find the tips help a lot too!! This app was the best to see the progress of my baby and all the articles were well written and always came at the perfect time and were super helpful! I have used this app during my entire pregnancy, answering most questions and helping me with the entire process. This is a great method to see how all the symptoms are especially with mommy. Also it is a great way to keep track in how the weight and size of a baby should be! I enjoyed the app because it gave me something to think about each day. A way to keep my mind off of worry and a way to plan for the future. Love it, so much info and so well designed. Its the best visual and intuitive UI I've seen across these apps. Lots of info!! And for me turned out on the spot on for delivery date from the start. Try it! I have a few pregnancy apps but I like the bump the best. The daily articles and weekly updates with the 3-d images are amazing  but my favourite part is the daily facts about baby. This app has a lot of great information. However, I feel it assumes all pregnant people work a desk job and have naturally flat stomach who can’t wait for their bump to pop. Also, not very inclusive. Not all pregnant people identify as she/her/hers. I love getting articles catered to where I am in the mommy to be journey. It’s a great mix of information and recording metics. Some other apps just request too much personal information. Love looking at the weekly details and seeing the 3D versions of the baby & your body per week where it gives you a visual of changes happening. This is one of the greatest Apps, it’s especially my favorite during pregnancy! Which I am currently 27 weeks and I love the fun little daily facts it gives about your baby! I love this app super informative and it shows you a 3D model of different things going on in your body for the week and your baby’s body and his or her development! This is my first baby and this app helps answer so many of the questions my wife and I have. It is very convenient. I love to section where you have take weekly pictures of the baby bump and my wife. The sizing/produce is weird and doesn’t make sense, but that is literally my only gripe. The articles being up great topics, and there are helpful checklists you can access alter if you’re feeling overwhelmed by the amount of information. I really enjoyed the “real questions” section and was sad to find it missing. Now the new community forum feature (which is hard to find to begin with) will not load at all. Each page I select is completely blank. Hoping this is fixed soon, because I really enjoyed the feeling of seeing other people having discussions about topics I was interested in too! I used this app for my mom’s pregnancy like I was the one who was pregnant 😭 and now I am & it’s like I never stopped using this app, favorite pregnancy tracking app definitely gives you more info than books. The app is ok. I question the accuracy of it. I know for a fact that the “daily fact” is almost never accurate but the info it gives week to week compared to my other pregnancy apps seems to be about the same. And the little articles you can read regarding pregnancy are cute I wait till midnight every night just to read a new fun fact about my baby! It’s so amazing the things this app teaches you! I’ve recommended it to friends! I definitely definitely give it 5 stars! I’m a new mom and this app has def saved me from calling my doctor to see if something is normal. Also from worrying so much. It explains almost everything and just puts my mind at ease. A happy mom is a happy baby. Thanks bump! This app is amazing 😉. I love being able to look at progress over my whole pregnancy and now throughout my baby 1st year of life. It’s a memorable app and I hope to make a book out of all my picture memories. I enjoy the new suggested articles each day. I also love the fun fact each day. This app is better than any other to track and learn new things throughout your pregnancy. I love getting weekly updates on what to expect during the pregnancy. 

I also like reading the articles on the app.  It’s easy to choose which topics are of interest to you. Such an amazing app that lets you see how big your baby is and even gives you a 3d view of how your baby is growing! Such an amazing app and would recommend it to anyone thats pregnant or trying to get pregnant! ☺️🤰🏻 My baby is having a baby! Gosh I wish the Bump existed 33 years ago. So wonderful for mom, dad & grandparents! Yes, I did it twice but I swear I learn something new every time I open the app! I found so helpful while my body is changing week to week, I love this app and the articles and recommendations have been also excellent. Was so nice to have trusted information at my fingertips. Being a first time mom there is so much you don’t know. I felt I could trust this app to give me correct information. It’s been a great peace of mind for me when I’m unsure of what I should and shouldn’t eat etc. love the articles related to the weeks in pregnancy as well just been a very helpful app for me I throughly enjoy this app even though I am not new to following a pregnancy. Each pregnancy and birth is unique. This child is a wonder all by itself.
I can’t wait to hold the little pumpkin. I love getting the weekly notifications and being able to search almost any topic to read about! I love the daily tips and week by week description of feelings etc. but the best part is the 3D view of baby and my body! Second time using and the new features are great! I even read an article that was proofed by my OBGYN and didn’t know she was part of the apes doctors! I like the search function, I find it more trustworthy than Google and The Bump always has the answers I’m looking for related to pregnancy and babies. I enjoy most of the articles, but highlighting some of them cause unnecessary anxiety in an already stressful time. It would be nice if they were available by search, but not as a recommendation. The timely and informative articles are quick reads with lots of information. I really enjoy the app and recommendations and product reviews. I can not recommend more! I Love all the articles and tips for a first time mom like myself. It helped me so much when I was pregnant but also now that my little one is here! Throughout my pregnancy I’ve been using this app to help me understand what’s to come for being a first time mommy. I learned more from this app then from my OB. I love that this app updates you daily! It’s fun to see how baby grows, plus it gives you links to so much information! highly recommend! It’s very helpful I used it in my 1st pregnancy I’m literally 37 weeks and some days. I have 2 weeks left from actually meeting my baby girl I love this app I would recommend it. I’ve been using this app since I was pregnant, now my baby is 3 months old. I’m a first time so I do like to read the articles and tips the app gives you I’m a first time mom-to-be and this app honestly answers a lot of questions about baby development and what to expect with your body changes. It is so fun to read the new weekly reports on the baby’s growth, changes in my body, and good reminders! I also love that I can search for previously written articles! I love this app! The daily facts and articles are great. I really enjoy the articles rating different products, like car seats and strollers, it makes the process less overwhelming! So helpful to know that what I’m feeling during pregnancy is normal vs when to worry. Great articles and information, it’s been so fun to read baby updates every day! Used everyday with my first pregnancy. I would look forward to to new articles and keeping up on my baby’s progress every day. He is now 3 weeks old and I still love reading the articles! Would love to see, at least, the grammatical changes for twins/multiples. “How big is The Twins” drives me crazy and the 3-D settings only show for one baby even when you update your profile. Why bother giving the twins/multiples option if nothing changes? I really love this app. I used it through out my first pregnancy and was surprised to see it continued to be useful after I gave birth. I love the weekly updates about my newborn! I highly recommend this app. I use this daily for my pregnancy and even have my family following it. It’s easy to use and gives a lot of information. Plus I love the 3D images of the fetus each week! Love this app! Great information!  I love the access to all the articles, the size of the baby depending on the week I am. I really like the 3D feature of the baby and my body at any given week in the pregnancy as well. And it’s free! I downloaded this app prior to the birth of my second child. This app has reminded me of many milestones that I may not have remembered from my firstborn over four years ago. I recommend this app to any mother or father. Giving 1 start just for humor factor. My husband and I laugh every day at the “on this day your baby is the size of a ...” as its sooo inconsistent day to day. How can my baby be the size of a lime one day (2 inches according to their description) then the size of sugar packet the next (smaller), followed by being the size of a kit kat (bigger again)? What?! In addition to the many inconsistencies, the advice “articles” are so outdated!! Please update based on current research!!! The app itself is great, I like the features and there is a lot of information for my wife and I being it's our first child but it's been almost a year since the iPhone X release date and the app is still not optimized for the notch screen?.. that's only grip, it's looks like I'm using it on a super small screen. I really loved this app but for some reason mine has been acting up. I get the same “daily fact” sometimes, like two days in a row it’s the exact same. And today I don’t have a daily fact at all. Kinda bummed out that it’s not working properly anymore. Yes it is up to date. Loved the information it gave. Learned a lot and am still learning post pardon. I didn’t like how it wouldn’t let me save a subject to read later. The news is gone after that day. Also, it doesn’t offer a father selection. Just the mother. This app gets you even more excited about meeting your little bundle of joy! I love to read the articles and to find out what's actually happening each week with the bun in the oven! I love checking on my baby's progress each week! The kids at school love keeping up with the fruit/vegetable also. It always turns into some type of learning experience too! This is one of my most used apps during pregnancy and postpartum. it has so much information along with interactive segments. It has been essential to my motherhood journey. Love The Bump but today after posting in my BMB it stopped updating posts or showing me new posts. It won't let me write a new post, quote or anything.  I just uninstalled and going to try re-installing and hope that fixes it. Deleting and reinstalling on my phone did not work. Hoping this can be fixed!! I love this app soooo much. My only wish is for it to have a back button or something similar like when using it on the web. Finding this so insightful and it answers most of my questions even the ones I didn’t realize I needed to ask. I love this app!! It was with me throughout my entire pregnancy and has been very helpful with keeping up with memories for both of my boys, now 6 years old and 13 months! Love using the bump for weekly pregnancy updates. I’ve used it for both of my pregnancies and it’s guided me through what’s happening in my body and with my babies. This is the only app I can get a good look at baby! I've also found it to be more descriptive than other apps. I love the bump because it provide where the baby is at daily. Haven’t seen that in other apps. I also trust the information they provide. I've been using this app throughout my pregnancy and I've enjoyed it so far. They have a lot of useful tools and articles to read up on. I have appreciated the vast amount of information The Bump has supplied. The information was so helpful during the pregnancy period and then extended to post-pregnancy. I highly recommend The Bump. I’m currently 21 weeks pregnant and I love the app. It’s very user friendly and gives great articles to read. Also I love seeing the size of my baby each week 🥰 I’ve loved this app all throughout my pregnancy. The daily articles are really helpful and informational. I also love the daily facts of comparing your baby’s size to every day things ❤️ Use this for my first pregnancy and back for my second. I love the weekly updates on the growth of the baby and myself. Always really informative. I am not pregnant but I use this to track my cousins pregnancy and it’s so cute and nice to see all these facts and be able to check up on the little one whenever I want App provides all the good information I need to know in my pregnancy as well as post baby! I used it with my first pregnancy and loved it! Had to use it my second pregnancy 🥰 This app is wonderful! I’m 29 weeks pregnant with my first baby and have used this app since I found out. Lots of helpful information and very fun to use week by week! Very informative articles but some seem dated - many just seem recycled and not up to date with what’s going on in the world right now. Don’t need to see an article telling me to go on vacation now before baby’s here, during the middle of a pandemic. I started using this when I was pregnant . And now having my baby it’s the best app . Tell you everything. Give you the best information from each week to mounts. Giving it a 10 . :) Great app. Very informative for first time moms. Lots of additional information which opens your mind. Even helps you with getting your list together for baby needs, or baby bag when preparing for hospital. Loved it 👍🏽 This app was the first thing I downloaded when I found out I was pregnant. It educates you while always giving you fun facts to keep it interesting. It's the only app you'll want when pregnant! It’s good but each day I would get ‘your baby is as big as a ___’ but now I get nothing but the once a week random food comparison. It was always fun to tell my husband but as soon as I hit abt 20 weeks they stopped doing it 😒 As someone who is having twins, I’m happy they give the option of putting that in, but they don’t actually change what you see based on single or multiples :/ they need to add that feature if they’re going to help with moms of twins and multiples Used during pregnancy to track growth of baby and to understand the changes I was going through. Now I'm using app to understand the different stages my baby may be going through postpartum. Very informative app. Glad I downloaded it. Gives you a variety of answers to questions you sometimes don't even think about. I've learned a lot from this app. Keep up the good work This app is great. I enjoy reading about the things that are happening in my body since this is my first! The only thing that I wish is that the illustrations in the weekly reads would be more diverse. As an African-American, overweight female it’d be nice to not look at Caucasian babies and females for 40 weeks. Great app for various pregnancy and parenting articles sent to you each day. There are a lot of great features they could work on to make this the only app you’d need for pregnancy, but since it’s mostly just articles, I supplement this app with others. This is, by far, my favorite pregnancy app! I get excited each week when I get to read the new weekly update on my baby! I also love all the articles they share & the forum for advise!! 

10/10 for me!! Love the daily facts in addition to the weekly updates, gives me something adorable and exciting to look forward to every day! It has helped me answer questions, gauge timing for things, keep up with my weight loss and gain and keep photos organized through the weeks! I love it! I love the app , great information for new moms and moms who are having more kids , it’s great and helps every way possible. The name is super cute by the way I have caught myself calling my belly the bump . 💕 It’s nice to track the pregnancy with this app due to the plethora of information, but it is annoying to see in some articles with the liberal vocabulary like “birthing partner” or “birthing parent”. Only women can give birth, they are called mothers, and men can’t be women. Stop this nonsense. I love this app it gives you such great updates and articles to read. My kids love it because they can see how big the baby is in the 3D mode. This app is amazing! Super insightful and informative. So thankful for it! As a first time mom I don’t think I could ever have gone through my pregnancy without being informed and educated like this. I really love this tracking app for the daily updates on baby. I make a pint every morning to see what’s going on. Weekly updates on how your baby is growing plus the daily articles are very informative This app has been so fun during my first pregnancy to have a new size comparison each week, but also lots of facts about pregnancy week by week! Very well organized, I love how every week it has a to do list, It keeps me up to date and all the suggestions. Provides a peace of mind Nice app. Great to use for a pregnancy resource. Love reading all the articles they have. Use it daily to help me remember how much longer till little one gets here. I’ve downloaded multiple apps during each of my pregnancies and I still don’t understand why. This is the best, informative, user-friendly app! It’s so fun to read and see what’s happening to me and baby each week So many useful news, tips, and articles shared with me. Helps me check in daily and analyze trends from the data I’ve gathered on myself during this pregnancy! I’m a 1st time father and this app is fun and exciting and it help me understand a little bit more about what’s going on and what to expect for the next 40 weeks I absolutely love this app Love all the content… so informative and interesting. I look forward each week to reading about my pregnancy week and it’s all so accurate. We love to see the highlights and dig into details we’re interested in like the 3-d model of what our baby might look like now. Really enjoy the week by week pregnancy guide as well as the 3D baby view. I tried out another highly rated app before this one and wasn’t nearly as impressed, this is my go to! Everything is awesome on here except the videos...there’s no sound at all! And it’s not my phone since I can hear and watch videos elsewhere just fine.

Also the articles revolve way too much on couples or partners. There are women who are single mothers by choice thank you very much. This is not my first pregnancy using the Bump app. It is my first pregnancy sharing with my though son though! We both love it, but he finds it so exciting to read the weekly progress and compare the fruit! It really is educational and fun! I love the weekly updates on what baby is looking like, how mom to be may be feeling, and how big baby is. I also find the articles helpful and I like save them for future reference. I have been using this app, but the loss of the community feature Q&A was a pretty bad choice.  Also, right now with COVID, folks aren’t going on their babymoons, hosting showers, etc.  I’ve been getting bombarded with this articles, and it just seems a bit out of touch and insensitive with the current times.  I sent messages to the contact for both these issues and haven’t seen any response, so idk.  Disappointed. This has been so helpful during my first 8 weeks! So informative about my body and the baby. Has a size tracker, 3D virtual model, AND helpful articles. Using this to help with my pregnancy journal. It’s a great for information, I liked that it told me the size of my baby but each day it caused me more anxiety than joy. For example: your baby is the size of a truffle! ...and here is a new list of fears! It listed things that could mess up your baby if you used this product and continue to use it. I have terrible anxiety and this just made it exponentially worse. I deleted it and will just follow with my OB. I really love this app. Great features like a 3D model of the baby per week as well as your body and the changes it’s going through. I would highly recommend this app to anyone expecting. I’m going to be a first time grandmom.. this app allows me to follow along with our baby's growth and development with the parents.. so informative ... I’ve not had any issues with this app at all as some has stated in their reviews.
Love it! As a first time mom I found the short posts to be very helpful. Found that I experienced things shortly after I read about it which helped me feel less anxious. This app helps answer all the questions I have and feel at ease about things. I love that it keeps you updated on what is happening with your body and your baby. ❤️ As a first time mom, I am so curious and anxious to learn about my baby’s development. This app is so informative not only in the development aspect but in all aspects of parenting, needs, etc. I also have to say the 3D progress of the baby growing is so cool! I love it! I am loving this app so far! I feel so prepared and informed thanks to the information available. My only complaint is that there isn’t a calendar feature, or I haven’t found it, yet. Other than that little thing, this app is a life saver❤️ Fun & cute app to keep track of your progress & time remaining. The weekly info is a little generic. I wish the photo portion for your weekly bump pics was better/easier to scroll through or make comparisons with. Overall good app though. As a 1st time mom this app was doo helpful. I wish it would’ve showed sonogram pictures of the babies fetal development though. As a 1st time mom you want to know what the baby is doing and it changes I think that would be more relatable then those 3D pictures. This is my favorite app for pregnancy tracking, lots of good articles, and they come up right as you start feeling the symptoms which is weirdly coincidental. Lots of good information to keep up with as your baby grows, too. I love it. This is my first pregnancy & this app not only is teaching me so many new things, but making me even more excited as well. I feel so much more connected with my baby because of this app!! Gives me tons of information. Love all the different tools and articles. Cannot wait to see the 3D updates weekly Love this app. I downloaded five others and this is by far the best from an information, features and content variety perspective. The articles are very informative and they site their sources which I appreciate. I was surprised after delivering that the articles became relevant for postpartum and have been very helpful! I felt so prepared and educated through my pregnancy and when my daughter was born! It covers every question and informs new parents of popular topics! Love this app! This is my first pregnancy and this app has everything I could ask for and more. The app is incredibly user friendly and fun! Bump has been so handy with all the necessary information I need as a first time mom-to be. The links to all resources, 3D views and tips are something you don’t want to miss. This is a simple way to track progress and get info. A bit more variety and diversity to reflect more walks of life on this baby journey would be awesome. The more support we have on this journey the better! Love this app and all the helpful information. It’s amazing to truly experience each step of your pregnancy as it’s happening. It was amazing in my first pregnancy and after birth too and now I’m using it again for my second one and even my 3rd This is my 3rd pregnancy and I have used this app for my last 2. The information is reassuring when I’m spiraling and uncertain about what’s going on with my body. The content shared via this app is very informative and digestible. I look forward to reading the articles and learning more about baby every day! It would be great if the app didn’t stop playing my music/sounds from other apps when launching. I’ve used the app for both my pregnancies and I love tracking babies growth week over week and there are tons of relevant and info rich articles. Very helpful from pregnancy to a year after birth. I downloaded it the second I found out I was pregnant. I love the daily notifications and all of the interesting stories and articles. I have been reading them everyday! So much great information. I like the layout of this app and that there’s a 3D growth model to help me see my babies development. I also enjoy informative articles posted daily. Love this app! It shows the baby and mother changes. And very informative with loads of information and ideas! I am a first time mother with rainbow baby experience 3 miscarriages and this app tell me every step of the way my little peanut progress awesome sauce! This app was really helpful! From telling me what my baby looked like before I could get an ultrasound to the little blogs that let me know things I wasn’t even considering. Good app and I recommend to first time moms out there. First time mama so I look forward to my weekly updates and suggested articles. The article topics always seem to pop up at the exact time that I need them! I love this app! It’s literally the best app created for all pregnant mamas! I love when I turn a new week and I’m able to read about the new things my baby can do while in the womb and know what to expect next! This app has been so helpful during this pregnancy. To have easy access to the list of foods that are safe is a great help, and then it actually compares the babies size to things besides food. I am pregnant with my first and I love the daily updates of what size my baby is. The articles are helpful and do a lot to put my mind at ease. I feel prepared for anything that comes my way. This app is so helpful that I cannot imagine how I knew things, tests to be done without this app. It provides daily feed based on my pregnancy stage, and very useful! Love the app! The fruit is boring, only because every other app does the same thing BUT the fun fact every day is my favorite! It’s fun to have baby be compared to random things :) In addition to the weekly comparisons on baby’s growth, I love that this app provides daily comparisons, as well. Really has helped all of us have visuals of how big our baby girl is and how fast she is growing! I’ve used this with both pregnancies. It’s, by far, the most informative. I do think it would be neat if they added an option for latter children. A lot of the first time mom stuff doesn’t apply this time around. As a first time Dad, I download this app and it helped me a lot throughout our pregnancy. I definitely didn’t know what to expect but this app kept me on track 💯. I’m still using it as of now till my son is 18yrs haha! I've had this app from the beginning of my pregnancy! It's so informative and easy to use. My sweet little girl is almost 7 weeks old and I'm still using it. Great app! I've recommended it to all of my preggo friends I use to love the app!!! Everyday it had a little fact of the estimated size of the baby underneath the fruit size. For the past five months I've eagerly opened the app to see what that day held. But now being six months pregnant it stopped so I find myself never opening the app anymore to see the articles. Having that estimated growth size really motivated me to open the app and read the articles. Please fix🙏🏽 I’ve paid for another pregnancy app and it’s not nearly as good as this one. Love the way their articles are written and the 3D views of not just baby, but the pregnant body too! It gives me all the info that I need one week at a time. Knowledge well documented —- and the format of everything is very easy to process. 
Thank you!
From us,
Yessi & Flora I’ve enjoyed following my partners process and learned a lot from the articles in here. It’s been an easy and accessible way for me to demonstrate I’m present and committed to this journey. My favorite thing about this app is being able to keep my weekly bump pictures in order It’s absolutely great. I’ve loved it while pregnant and still use it after giving birth. It has such great information and tools. There is so much information about week by week process, all you need to know about what to expect.. I have yet to give birth yet I love this app so much! It has so many little tips and lots of advice for first time parents. It gets better as this little bundle of joy grows Have enjoyed the app- very informative, easy to use, and love the daily updates! Checking them is the first thing I do in the morning! I have followed The Bump for the last eleven years watching my 6 grandchildren grow I have enjoyed the comparison to fruit and veggies and all the fantastic information!
Thank you 
Grammy Bear I used The Bump app to keep up with information on my first granddaughter. I loved the articles and tips. Wish I could have had it for my pregnancies! Relevant and timely information for expecting and new parents and also for parents of multiple children. I love this app so much it has helped me throughout my first pregnancy! I literally am obsessed and check my app EVERY week to see how much my baby has grown.! This app has quickly become my favorite! It’s very user friendly and I look forward to my daily fact every morning❤️ The daily articles keep it interesting and it’s the first app I open in the morning. I can save articles that are helpful and send them to my partner! This is the best pregnancy app on the market! It is engaging with lots of helpful articles and fun daily tips. The tracking features are top-notch too. I’m 8 months pregnant now and am so happy this app has been a part of my pregnancy journey. For years I’ve wanted to be a mom and I’ve always had my eye on this app! Come to find out I’m pregnant with my first!! Immediately downloaded this app and I have fallen in love! So many articles and facts to keep you sane! I got this app in my first trimester and still using it post birth - it has so much helpful information and tid bits of fun information. I would recommend this for all expecting moms I’m a first time mom and I loved this app! I don’t know much about pregnancy so the articles were very informative and right on track with how far along I am. It was so helpful to both me and my husband. Overall a well designed and easy to use app! I only really use the daily reads and week by week - I’m not a fan of the real answers section. I’d love to see the ability to save /favorite daily reads as some I would like to come back to! If you have a question, you can probably find the answer on here. Went through my whole first pregnancy with this app and it was great, information and otherwise. Awesome! I just started using this app and I am very impressed, comparing to other apps out there this one is killing the industry with interactive view of the baby each week! I downloaded two different apps, so far “ The Bump” has been the one that doesn’t overwhelm me with too much information. It’s great to see the progress & what to expect. Highly recommended! Wow technology is amazing. One feature I love about this is that you can see in 3D what your baby looks like in each week! Wow! I also like the it helps you with the transitions in your body. I find “what to expect” to be much more enjoyable to use.  This app has too many advertisements and they’re placed in the middle of paragraphs which makes it annoying to read and also difficult to share with family. I love this app, but I’m sad that they took out the “Baby Fact of the Day”. I looked forward to seeing that each day and comparing it to things- such as- on this day, baby’s palm is as big as a dime.” That was my favorite part of the app so now I am less likely to use it. I can get an update and learn new things without pestering my daughter all the time! I love the size comparison updated each week. I did no have anything like that years ago. I like this app best because there is something new to read or watch every day. Most pregnancy apps change once a week, this one changes every day! Thank you! I loved this app until recently. I guess the new update included them losing the daily info about baby’s growth and development, but that was what I enjoyed the most about the app. “On this day, your baby’s palm is the size of a dime.” I want to know this! Also, I don’t care much about the articles, which is really all that’s left now. My daughter-in-law is pregnant with my first Grandchild.  She and my daughter live in CA.  As I reside in NJ, I am not capable of being as close a part of their journey as I would like.  They told me to download this app.  I can now closely follow the progress of this precious baby girl.
Thank you. I’ve used this app my 1st kid and it was very helping to me. Now with my second I’m still enjoying the app. I appreciate the insight on some of the questions I’ve had. The app is truly helpful. 
I would recommend it to others who’s looking for answers like I was.👌🏼 This is my favorite pregnancy app out there! I loved the pictures of your baby in each stage and the articles they share are relevant to me. I would highly recommend this app! i really like it! Gives you a lot of daily reads regarding which week you or your child is  , and you get to learn new things I have few apps downloaded but this one is my go to. I enjoy the layout, the baby size comparisons, and the videos. This is now my second pregnancy with the Bump and I thoroughly enjoy this app. Plus it’s not pesky to purchase anything. 5/5 I like that the app tells me what I can expect but the fruits and vegetables they use to describe size are a little hard to follow I do love checking up on my gals progress and things I can do to help her along in this process and make her feel more comfortable! I have used this app for both my children and I love the picture option, it’s sweet to look back at those wonderful memories My nerves have been peaked with this pregnancy, but this app has helped to keep my informed. Such data and analysis has brought comfort along the way. I enjoy the app for the weekly summaries and the comparison of what the fetus is similar to in size or weight each day. It’s fun! Love how much information is giving each week as your baby grows! Also shows you how your body will look at the time and how the baby is growing. I like the daily fact feature. I also like the 3D pictures with facts about development each week. I haven’t had any issues with the app. Great overall. I’m so happy I found the bump it gives me daily info and weekly info also tips etc I’ve never seen in any other app. I love them. Love how simple it makes everything seem. So positive and helpful, accentuates on the important things. Would definitely recommend! The week by week at a glance helped me so much. Kept me on track with being in the know as well as not forgetting which week I was in. Excellent resources too. I love the information they give you on what to expect throughout your pregnancy and what the baby is doing and how it’s growing. This is my favorite pregnancy app. I love the daily facts and look forward the a new one each day. It is very informative and helpful with any questions I have. This app is great to track a single baby progress but I do wish there’d be specifics surrounding multiples (3d body feature, 3d baby feature). Overall I love to read the updates and articles provided. Very informative for any expecting parents. I love this interesting app. I like how it shows interesting facts about the baby. I would highly recommend it to anyone that is having a baby. Lots of information! Daily random cool facts! Easy to use after playing around for about an hour! I get everything I need, articles about pre-natal, post-natal and baby care, countdown for the birth date, pictures I can post for my bump updates, and registry help. It's great! I’m Grandma and I love this website. This site would have been wonderful to have had when I was pregnant with my two! It is very informative and it also gives you a visual and more!! It was recommended to me and I would recommend it to someone else as well!! Very interesting and learning information. 
Very auto sense-knowing 
Great that have a way to schedule appointments. 
Perfect the to do list for each week At the start of my pregnancy, a friend introduced me to this app. I found it very resourceful and very entertaining showing more fun facts or other features to help prepare me for my son’s birth. I highly recommend it! I’ve heard great things about this app and decided to get it. I wish there was an app out there that gave you the option to choose IVF and pick the appropriate dates. This one assumes all pregnancies are natural so my dates are off. I’m looking forward to using the app more as my baby grows. This app has really been amazing ! It gives you so much information daily, on subjects that are always happening . I really enjoy how it counts down the days for me, since I forget ;) When I found out I was pregnant I downloaded them ALL. 
The Bump is the only app that I’m excited to check every day. So much education and exciting updates every morning. Love it! This app is great. I love the 3D option of the baby and even your body! It’s my first baby and I go on this app everyday to keep up with how he/she is rapidly changing as well as what my body is up to. The major reason why I had this app was for the real answers from community members. Like MANY have said before this review, it gave a sense of community in this quarantine. I’m first time pregnant and finding answers there was invaluable through all the anxiety. BRING BACK REAL ANSWERS! I’ll just have delete app if they don’t. Now it just pushing you to buy buy buy from a new section called registry (eye roll). This app is great while pregnant but really lacks that same fantastic information after baby arrives. There’s less articles and barely any weekly information. I was really disappointed to not have a good read every week. Will be deleting. Contains inaccurate information about week-to-week pregnancy. The support staff doesn’t even know that the app tracks gestational age rather than fetal age. They removed the feature that tracks the exact day of the pregnancy which was my main reason for using the app, making it less useful in addition to being untrustworthy. I absolutely loved all the articles and information throughout my pregnancy. And I extra love that it’s following my babies age and giving me MORE information! No need for another app, it’s all in one. This app is awesome! This is a great way to learn about the growth of your little one! I look everyday for the daily facts on the size and weight. Now, occasionally that fact doesn’t update- but that’s a very small complaint. Love it! This app was so accurate for myself and exactly how I was feeling for my first child, I’m using it for my second. I still use it for my first child for after she was born. Great app! I really love and am grateful for this lovely app. All the women on there are so helpful, comforting and extremely Kind. I wish I can have lunch with all of them and we can attend one another's baby showers literally that's how comforting these women are. This app has made this pregnancy amazing! I love being able to see the baby size and the real life view of how the baby is looking and doing. Also for a first time Mom I am loving all of the articles ❤️ Every Saturday when it changes weeks my husband reads the whole review out loud to both baby and I. It's my favorite part of the week! I am a first time mom and this app helped me appreciate the miracle of baby's development and also reassured me during those times when I thought I must be experiencing symptoms that no one else had. Used this since i was 15 week’s pregnant. This is such a informative app and very useful for first time parents. The gestation counter is also so helpful I love all the articles and information provided through this app. It’s fun to track pregnancy each week. Used this all throughout my pregnancy and helped so much track my baby’s growth, appointments, checklists, and much more. Love the articles that are relevant to your pregnancy week as well. This app is very informative and you can search various articles if you like and gives good suggestions. What To Expect is a bit out dated with old videos where as this one is up to date. The Bump has such a great bank of articles on anything you could be looking for. The weekly updates on pregnancy and your babies growth is so fun! Love this app. There’s a lot of great advice on here and the app is easy to use. Doesn’t ever crash on me and I don’t have to deal with a lot of ads. I have about 4 other pregnancy apps downloaded and this one is my favorite!! Great information and love the articles! This app has been very informative, especially for a first time mom. Very digestible information and useful tips. Highly recommend! I’ve enjoyed using this. It has informative articles and helps give me an idea of what I’m going through. Otherwise I’d probably be lost in the sauce. Wonderful information and loads of it! Also helpful links! Love the active weekly changes to yourself and your baby. I often find myself asking questions in my head and then..Voilà! My bump app has the answer! It’s like it can read my worried pregnant mind. I am very happy with it. Love the info, 3D images and the great daily articles. Tried a few others and this one is the best. I enjoy opening it each day! Used The Bump throughout my entire pregnancy, love the features and content. I wish they had a contraction timer. I’ll be interested to see content for new parents after delivery. I’ve used a few baby apps throughout my pregnancy, but this one I still use and my babe just turned 1! Love the great advice and videos included. I have been using the app for 20 weeks now and it’s been really helpful and easy to use. It’s guides you what to expect, say and ask! 
Thanks! My sister in law advice this app and no regrets at all. It’s so helpful since the day you find out that you are pregnant and guide you step by step in simple terms. Use it women. With this being my first go at this, my wife instructed me to download The Bump. It’s very informative and not to mention excited to read about the next week! This app freezes on me ALL the time, requiring me to have to close it and reopen it. It happens mostly when trying to upload or look at the pictures i posted. I am only using it to keep track of my belly progression. I wish there was a better app out there. This one needs improvements. I used this for my first and now for my second. There’s so much info provided that I would probably not think to ask about. I love the 3D feature and the appointment planner as well. Considering being a first time mom, it is a very interesting app. I go to this app atleast 2 times a day thinking something’s going to change. It’s consistent to me. I don’t see any problems. Pregnant with my first and downloaded a few different apps. Sure, they're all similar in many ways but I love this app the most. It’s the only one I use! Deleted the others. Even though I’m not the Mom, I’m very much enjoying this app! It’s helps me stay up to date on my new grandbaby and Mommie too! Just wish I had something like this when I had my children! I loved this app at first. Used it from 6 weeks up to 30 weeks. All of a sudden it crashes all the time now and I get an error message when trying to open it. It’s not my phone because all other apps are working completely fine. Removing and downloading something else. Fix the glitches! I like the weekly pictures it compares baby too and the daily facts. The only think I would add is the dates next to the weeks pregnant you are. And maybe the month too. I like the daily update of the size of the baby in the beginning. I also love to read about the milestones in pregnancy and have been enjoying the daily articles the farther along I get. Highly recommend. I love this app! First time mommy here. I live for the weekly updates and knowing what’s new with my baby. Also helps me understand the changes in my body. Puts a reasoning on each change. I have really enjoyed this app throughout my first pregnancy. I especially like the week-by-week info, which is just enough to share with my husband. Throughout my pregnancy I consistently relied on this app for solid information, fun facts and it is so easy to use! Now that I’ve had my baby I was so excited to see that the app continues into the fourth trimester! The countdown and the articles I’ve found to be helpful so far. However the community portion is only good if you’ve been interacting with the same people there for months or years. It’s not welcoming, it’s mostly rude and hostile with lots of name calling unless they “know” you. It’s unfortunate, and it’s probably why the birth month community boards aren’t very active. I am so glad this app was available to, I learned a lot from reading. Questions to ask dr at visit, test you should be getting, it keeps us well informed, at week 39 now, and I am the father. Ahem, lol. Get yours. I'm only giving this app 4 stars because I wish they had daily facts about the baby instead of just weekly, but I love how it shows u what's going on with your body and the baby ! Definitely worth getting Trust me, this is the best app for paranoid moms. I’ve had two miscarriages in a row and am pregnant again. This app is the best at keeping me distracted with daily articles and things to do, rather than just sit around and worry. So far, this is my favorites pregnancy tracking app and I've tried several. The format is fun and easy to follow and the info is pretty right on- even though all pregnancies are different. The articles are interesting and a good quick read. It has been a great pregnancy update guide for my husband and I. It is user-friendly and has everything you need to make your pregnancy memorable. The daily facts make no sense, lol. How can the fetus go from the size of a postage stamp, then a soda can tab, then a penny, then a tater tot… the order of the objects you choose sometimes make no sense day to day 🤣 Great info. Our daughter is having a baby so I’m following her app to be in the loop. She lives out of state and it’s another way to stay connected. I love that there is a space for lgbtq+ families with articles & resources. Not many of the apps have this available. Plus, some of the articles are humorous and informative. I did download different apps to check them out but this one was the one that convinced me and had everything I wanted. I used this app with my very first pregnancy and am using it again with my second . Lots of great tips and information for me and baby. I love the forums too. I love that it’s free and doesn’t constantly want me to buy something. I also love all the information at different stages it has to offer. Great app! I downloaded almost all the pregnancy apps I could and have deleted them all but this one. Most informative and interactive with the Daily Facts! As a soon-to-be first time Ginga, I love being able to track my daughter’s progress and read about all of the new ideals for mommy and baby! This app keeps getting better and better! This is my first pregnancy and it’s helped guide me and educate me the whole time. I definitely recommend it! Nice app! We have been using this through the journey and love the interface and information. Informative and has info on everything you could ever think of. This app is super helpful and informative! As a first time mom it was my go and now with our second child on the way it’s still my go to!! Love it! 100% Recommend. You can find everything in the app.. track your baby grow and tips for your pregnancy 🤍 Great articles about all types of helpful things for parents. I’ve even found it helpful for after pregnancy. I love the app and my partner loves it too. Keeps me up to date on all the happenings with me and baby. I especially love the 3D views of my body and the baby. The articles are definitely a plus! I loved this app, I used it with my first and now 35 weeks into my second pregnancy, but your newest update has gone BACKWARDS in design. My most loved feature (the fruit and size) you’ve made small and boring. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE change it back. Even on your advertisement on your app it looks way better how it used to be. I’ll give it a little bit, otherwise I’m deleting it. This app seems to know exactly what I’m going through, when I’m going through it… and answers all my questions! Spooky! Thanks The Bump! I have about three pregnancy apps and this is the one I open first because of how informative and user friendly it is. This is my first grandchild and this app helps me stay informed with my grandbabies growth even in 3D. It’s been 30 years since my First child,
And this app keeps me in the know on all the newest baby products.😊😉 I love the fact that I can see the baby 3D AND 360!!! It really helps me connect better with the pregnancy because I can physically see how my little one is growing and changing every week 😊 I really like this app.  I love seeing size of baby every morning and having a ton of articles to read about a variety of different pregnancy related topics.  Super helpful and user friendly. I love the daily updates in this app and the articles they provide are relevant to what you are thinking about along each step. The app is very informative I do appreciate the many ideas and good information on the start of conception until the end  when you’re ready to deliver. I read the articles every day and they make it so easy to keep a picture journal through this special time! Wouldn’t use anything else! I just love this app everything that it say that’s going to happen with my body and baby is rite . I really love the pictures that come along with the different weeks . Very helpful🙂 Love this app! As a first time mom to be there are a lot of unknowns. This app helps me navigate what is going on with my body and the baby. It is also helpful for nursery ideas and outfits ideas too! I really like The Bump app. I love all the articles that give information on all things - motherhood. I like the week to week checklists and baby comparisons. Great app to follow along with throughout your whole pregnancy. I really like the planner, weekly photo uploads and the articles. It’ll be nice to have to look back in after baby arrives. Love all the updates and checking my daily fact every morning! Me and my boyfriend downloaded this app, it’s a great way to keep up to date and educated about what’s happening during the pregnancy I’m very impressed by the amount of content in this app! So many helpful resources and tools. Highly recommend to anyone expecting. Love this app. especially being a new mom! Helpful information and easy to navigate. So fun to learn about how big baby is and what’s going on. Also the articles are great usually short reads (so nice) and informational! Definitely recommend Daily articles available & weekly updates. I absolutely love this app. This is my first pregnancy and I love all of the great articles and weekly updates. Definitely would recommend!!! As a soon-to-be first time mom, pregnancy has been exciting but also nerve-racking. I was recommended to download this app to track the size of my babies growth and to better educate myself. Instead, I found the majority of the daily articles were incredibly anxiety inducing and included unnecessary information that caused worry. I’ve been loving seeing the size of the baby grow and how it tells you things to expect! Nice app it is definitely accurate!! Congratulations to those having a baby. My baby boy Zaimann is doing good and the app has helped us along the way for sure. Give it a try Besides seeing the progression of baby size in comparison to fruits, the week by week descriptions were helpful in managing my expectations— especially the first trimester anxieties. Love this app! I’m happy I listen to my friend and downloaded it since I became pregnant. It has up to date information, 3D graphics and great articles. Insightful and easy to navigate, with daily tips and articles and interesting ideas to explore! Keeps me informed weekly on my baby’s growth and what to expect. Honestly learning something new every day. I love it especially since I can add photos too. So grateful for the articles! Helps answer many questions I have and some I didn’t know I had. This is bar none my favorite pregnancy app. It’s all super informative, runs smoothly, & even continues into newborn stages! Great articles, great graphics - all around a great app. I used it all throughout my pregnancy and still use it now 6 months postpartum! So much great information for every aspect of life with baby! Love using this for my first pregnancy! I look forward to getting my updates and reading new articles I love this app! As a first time soon-to-be mom, it is great to have the opportunity to read all about pregnancies and what to expect. The pregnancy by week feature is my fav! I love this app! Sometimes the information is overload (I think that’s because this is my first baby) but I’ve learned things that I feel women don’t talk about openly. What’s even better is this app is FREE! I’ve never had this app before, I filled out everything to sign up, and it boots me to a screen that says to just log in instead. I clicked forgot password just to be safe, and nothing comes through my email since it’s not in the system. I wish it would at least tell me what the problem is. I absolutely love this app. Each week is so exciting to see how your baby has grown. The 3D view of how your baby looks at each week is my fav! So much fun to learn about what is going on with your baby and keeping you updated! I’ve learned so much I didn’t even think was real on this app! Definitely worth it! The app is great! It gives awesome information about your growing baby! The articles are of things I want to read and am wondering about! This app is better than other pregnancy apps! They literally keep up with it better than you. Help you create a registry and all its truly amazing. I loved this while i was pregnant and after🥰. Gixe you great tips for after youve had a baby and ugh its just oerfect. The Bump is SUPER helpful!!! I’m very thankful for it because it tells me exactly what to expect with each and every week with you and the baby! If I didn’t have this app I believe I would be calling my OB office a lot 😂 MUST HAVE! I will try to see what the baby looks like or changes to my body and it will load but won’t bring up either image. Additionally some of the daily reads produce anxiety rather than comfort. I understand some women want to seek out information on miscarriage but if this is a fear I already have I’d prefer not to see it on my feed. I am a first time mommy and this app is so helpful. The daily articles are so insightful. Plus the links and real talk let me know what other moms are feeling too! Plus all my baby registries in one place!!! Especially for your first pregnancy this is a must! Besides all of the informative physiological updates along the way the articles are incredibly useful!! Would like my daily fact back. I was checking every morning before I got out of bed then going back later in the day to share with hubby.  I’m now checking only once or twice a week. I feel like the app has lost its magic The main home page of this app is useful and fun with the fruit comparisons.  However, don't click on any of the other tabs because the app will no longer work right after that. It's pretty frustrating actually. My daughter is expecting the first grandchild in December. We live 6 hours apart and we love checking The Bump every week to see the progress of the baby!!! Great way to be connected during this time!! Love this app! Have used for 2 pregnancies now! Easy to quickly read important information while not being bored at mundane info! So wish this app was around when I was expecting! Covers so many questions and issues for before, during and after! I love this app. It gives you useful information for every step of your pregnancy. You can track your health information as well. It’s my favorite pregnancy app! I love this app! I had this app when I was pregnant and now while it’s tracking the growth of my daughter. It gives me everything I need to know about her growth and more. I learn something new everyday. While reading an article, I was interrupted with an alert that I was chosen to receive a $1000 gift card. Sounds like a scam, but is it? Is it worth the telemarketing calls?? If this app allows deceitful business ads and promos, then this is a must delete. I would love a reply from The Bump on this matter. I am a first time Mom and I have to say I have downloaded many apps and read various articles but I have to admit that the bump’s content is my favorite. Its such an easy app to use and fun. I love it! After I created an account, the app was loading and then said it was setting up my feed, but then the app went black and sent me to my home screen. Now it won’t load at all. I’ve tried deleting it and reinstalling, but it still won’t work. PLEASE FIX! Every day you get about 3 new articles. Most of them are a paragraph long and don’t say anything. It’s pretty clear there’s lots of sponsored content (in other words ads that look like articles) on here but the content isn’t marked as such. If you’re bored, maybe a way to kill a couple minutes but not interesting or productive. Short overview by week is very helpful. The choice of fruit is suspicious at best in later weeks, but nice for the first trimester when nothing obvious is happening. Overall, really nice App. If you’re currently pregnant, your spouse is pregnant, know someone who is pregnant, this is the app for you! Out of all the other apps I have downloaded in the first weeks of my pregnancy this one is hands down THE BEST!!!! I love waking up to look at this app. Very informative articles. It often answers the exact questions I have about things I'm experiencing that very week! This app tells you every step of your baby: what is developed in him/her, how big he/she is, every detail. It has many informative articles as well.
Best app for parents to become! This is the most user friendly and informative pregnancy app ever. With this being my first pregnancy there are so many questions that I have and the Bump has answered all of them so far. I used this app throughout my pregnancy and now through the first 4 months of my child’s life. It has been a very handy tool! My partner and I easily share articles and I love the checklist of things to do during each week. Super helpful during my pregnancy and after birth - features 4 highly relevant articles per day. This was my favorite of 4 pregnancy apps I tried. The Bump provides great insight into each week of pregnancy with articles written by professionals. It is enjoyable to read and follow each week! I love being able to log on and see where my little Grandbaby is in his/her journey…and how where my daughter is too!!  Love the app! EVERY new parent/grandparent should have this app ….. it’s fantastic!  Sure didn’t have this kind of info for parents (and grandparents) 50 years ago! Big fan! Love all the information found here. It makes an overwhelming moment way more manageable. I feel so much more empowered now that I’m on this! All the fun facts and daily readings are really interesting and have helped me a lot through all 5 of my pregnancies since all pregnancies are so different. Absolutely love it, it gives mamas all the vital info for baby each week they grow! As well as tons of other fun info! I wish the volume worked for the videos. As a workaround, I go to the browser and open the Bump as a webpage and then find the video. Love the app and the weekly updates! I look forward to reading about each week and the checklists and fun facts! Fun yet informational. Good articles and suggestions each week. Tells you how your body and baby are changing together as well. 5 stars easily given. Very informative, new articles daily and the comparisons crack me up. Articles are great and look forward to checking updates every day! Enjoyed using this app throughout my pregnancy. Lots of great articles, recommendations and personal tracking. Used this app for all three of my children. I LOVE the daily updates on the baby, articles about pregnancy & birth, and the Q&A section. Definitely the best preggo app out there! It’s a great app! Easy to use & a great reference throughout my pregnancy! Will be using for my future babies to come & will highly suggest to family & friends!! Always made me feel like I understood what was happening with my baby but also my own body as well. Great! Lots of information on baby’s progression and development, enjoy the week by week of baby’s size in comparison to! A must have for new and expecting mothers! Some good info here. Some recommended articles are offered weeks before they are pertinent material, which is a bit confusing. Would be nice to have referred articles more related to the current week of pregnancy. I love this app! It answers so many questions you may not have even thought of, and has daily articles to read to keep informed! Currently and the lady two weeks the body’s and baby 3D section isn’t processing.  

Great app otherwise, hope this can get fixed! I use the app for community involvement, posting on the message boards, etc, and it is routinely glitchy. I have to delete and reinstall the app often. It provides good info and solid support when it works. Unfortunately it isn’t reliable. Love the app; easy to navigate, informative and thorough, and syncs registries really well. When I had an issue with registry I contacted customer service and got a reply AND a resolution within 36 hours. Amazing! 2 because I like how informative this app is. However, one of the reasons I downloaded this app is to see the 3D interactive tool. It doesn’t even work. It loads and loads but never pops up. Then it freezes my phone to the point that I have to restart the entire app. If this isn’t fixed soon I’m deleting the app. I really love the bump and all of their articles! It’s been a huge help, but I wish it had some way to save articles that I would like to look back on later. It’s a small issue but would be so helpful! Love this app! Especially love the “real answers” feature where you can have lots of your questions answered by other users. Extremely helpful!! As soon as I found out, I downloaded it and it has been so great being able to check in and read about the baby so far. I absolutely love this app! The articles are very accurate & interesting as well as the real feedback from other moms. It’s the only
App I use to stay informed about everything pertaining to my newborn. This app is the best. I love the layout and daily measurements of baby. Most apps just do week by week stuff but this app does daily reads and size comparisons - it’s so easy to work and it always puts a smile on my face ♥️ I tried several apps, and this one seems to work the best for me. I love seeing how big my baby is as soon as I open the app, and the week-to-week developmental updates are great! This is my third pregnancy and my first was almost 8 years ago, so this app has helped ease my fears since my second ended in miscarriage 😔. I love seeing how big my baby is each week. There wasn't an app for my first baby but I had the webpage, now I'm having my second child almost 10 years later and this is just as great as I remember it! It’s super helpful if you’re already pregnant, but if you’re like me and TTC it doesn’t have much to help. It would be awesome to have a period/ovulation tracker as to plan for a baby. Pregnancy doesn’t happen just because there’s sex at the right time of your cycle. Gives so many tips, tricks and everyday lets you know how big baby is. And the 3D feature is so cool! I love this app as it’s very informative and has weekly updates about your baby/body as well as daily new articles! I am a first time mom and this app has guided me since day one. Has great resources and information to learn day by day about my pregnancy and baby’s development. The app is easy to use. I love getting monthly updates on my baby and I can always find the information I need. I’ve used this app with all 4 kiddos and it’s been educational as a dad to understand the anatomy and the why behind stuff and show support to the wifey. The Bump has been the most helpful app so far. I love the daily articles and almost always read every single one. I love the bump dates in this app and all the fun facts you learn along the way. It’s been wonderful for my partner and I to learn about our baby every step of the way. Thank you! Great app. Used it while I was pregnant & still now since baby’s been born. I learned things about how the fetus was developing each week I was pregnant & now I learn things each week since his birth. Has been very informative. This is my first pregnancy and all of the articles and weekly updates are super helpful! This app is great. The articles, the app features help me during pregnancy & after my baby birth too. Recommended to all the first time mom! It’s very helpful! Keeps me updated on everything in a fun and educational format. I love the 3D view feature so I can see where baby is at. This app has educated me on what to expect during my first pregnancy. So thankful for the articles and information provided! this app is so amazing it has daily facts about your baby and it has so many tips and name ideas and everything you could want to look at while pregnant i could not recommend this enough i’ve downloaded a lot of different apps but you had to pay for all those and this one is different Only wish it had daily updates instead of weekly I was recommended to download this app my a friend who used it for her pregnancy. I love all the additional articles that give insight on the status of your pregnancy I love this app I’ve had it since i found out i was pregnant around 5 weeks and it’s been very accurate and helpful ❤️ I love follow along every week, learning how the baby is growing and reading articles about each stage of pregnancy. Its a 21st century “what to expect”! Definitely recommend! This is my second time around using this app and each time I find helpful and pertinent information! This is my first pregnancy, and this app has been amazing. My favorite part is the 3D Feature that gives a great simulation of baby’s body and mama’s body each week! Love checking in on a weekly basis to read about pregnancy and where my baby is at. I find a lot of the articles helpful as well. The 3D views of my baby and my body are my favorite part. Although I am baby’s grandma, I am still learning so much more than I ever knew 32 years ago and applying the knowledge to the care of my daughter and granddaughter.  Best teacher ever!! I downloaded all of the apps related to pregnancy tracking and expecting mothers, and this is by far the best! So clear, precise and easy to understand and read. The photos are a great plus! I used the bump app my entire pregnancy. I loved the insight on my babies development. 

My favorite feature is that it goes beyond their birth! I love getting my girls  weekly updates. She is 8 weeks today! 💓 Very helpful and keep me updated with my weeks. Also what to expect each week during your pregnancy. Plus it offers other helpful hits 😍😍😍😍😍 I love the fruit comparison although sometimes I wonder where they get their fruit considering I always thought a coconut was bigger than a grapefruit. But other than that I love this app. The daily facts are awesome and I check it everyday. Love this app, I rely on it a lot 11 years ago when I was pregnant with my twin daughters everything was much different. I recommend this to every mom to be and Father to be as well. This is easily the best pregnancy app! It's fun and easy to use. The graphics are bright and colorful. The information is easy to read and the articles are really good. I recommend this app for sure. I love the 3D feature see an actual life like representation of what baby looks like week by week. One thing that I would find useful is if you could save a daily article to look back on later. I love that it keeps me up to date on how big my baby girl is and the informational articles that are included! Great amount of info on baby’s growth, easy user interface, lots of good articles and tips. I’ve found it useful although I haven’t used some of the features like the kick counter. This app has been very helpful for me to understand my first pregnancy. It has a lot of useful information. I couldn’t recommend the bump enough! It has been such a help through new articles it updates everyday and helping me know at what point im at im my pregnancy! This app gives me so much piece of mind since I found out in the ER before I ever missed my period. It also is great for my fiancé who is a first time daddy!! Can’t wait til March! My husband downloaded the Bump as soon as I became pregnant and I soon followed. We love tracking baby’s progress and learning along the way! I’ve been tracking my pregnancy through this app and it has been going great. I love the alert and updates that the app shared with me. It has what you need which is pretty much the same as all other baby apps! I’ve used many over the years and they all are pretty darn okay Used this app for my first and second baby. Great information and sweet growth chart I enjoy sharing with friends. It’s so fun to have tons of options for things I could learn about my baby! The app is easy to use and has great articles. Very informative and I very much enjoy seeing the 3D views of how my baby is developing. Great articles and the weekly info/visuals on what changes mom and baby are going through are my favorite. Lots of tips and tricks for what’s normal and what’s not. Has helped my wife to not stress out about some things. Interesting to see how baby develops! This app has been such a lifesaver so far! So many quality articles and great info explaining each week :) Love this app! It has been so helpful in relieving a lot of my anxiety through this pregnancy. I would definitely recommend it for all mommas to be! This app is filled with information and keeps you up to date and helps you track your fetus growth. I downloaded multiple apps while I was pregnant and after birth, but I keep coming back to Bump. Love this app and it’s very user friendly! I’ve used this app with my last two pregnancies and I love it! The layout is great and the colors are bright and cute. So much information! This has been very helpful. I have so many questions and it is so nice getting so much information in one spot. Amazing information on a day to day basis during pregnancy with 3D view of both the body and baby. I enjoy using the app, there are some interesting articles. Learning about which fruit or veggie the baby looks like is interesting each week There are lots of great features about this app, but the 3D images of mom and baby are definitely my fave. This app is awesome and so fun to use. I love the daily facts. We are adopting, I just wish there was an adoption option so it gets rid of the pregnancy portion since it’s kind of a trigger. Love all
The advices and suggestions from this app! The only thing I will include it’s more subjects as second time mom and dealing with a toddler and infant at the same time. I love how easy the app is and how it gives you a measurement with fruits size to make it easy to understand for everyone in our household This app is great to have alongside your pregnancy. With all the information and fun facts, there is always something new to read each day. It is very informative and it consolidates all pregnancy related topics into one source. I live this app, and I’ve told my other mom friends about it too. I think this app is so cute. I love that it has so much free content. I’ve used it through my whole pregnancy so far, it’s been very informative. I downloaded this app as soon as I found out I was pregnant and have loved it ever since. Will definitely recommend it to friends. As soon as I found out I was pregnant I downloaded ALL OF THE APPS. The Bump is hands down the cutest, most informative, easy to navigate one. I love this and recommend it to all of the newly pregnant women I know ❤️ I love that you can see the size of the baby, what the baby looks like, how they look in your body and all that fun stuff. But the articles tend to be really outdated and just generally not helpful. I’m pregnant with my second baby and have followed the app with both pregnancies. So convenient and easy. Any and every question you have, they can answer. 🤰🙂 It’s so fun to use and has so much helpful information! It tells you what to expect with each week and I’m absolutely in love with the 3D baby/body part of the app! I love the app for updates each week but I wish they made uploading pictures easier, like adding more than one picture at a time!  Please update 🙏🏼🙏🏼 I love this app so much, it’s by far the best baby app out of all of them out there🧸 I’ve used this app on all three of my pregnancies and I continue to use it for my kids and I love it! Finding the same article I was reading a week or two ago is nearly impossible on the app. I wish there was a way to "Favorite" or "Bookmark" articles I want to re-read. Favorite app I use, although, I wish it would be easier to connect with other mamas. Another app I have has a section where moms can ask questions and participants can respond. This app needs that! I had this app for my first pregnancy and just started using it again for my second! It’s accurate, helpful and fun! I enjoy the articles and updates! Great app. Lots of great information and fun facts each day. My husband gets tired of hearing all the fun facts, but I screen shot them and send them to all my girlfriends. I’m glad I have this app to go with me on this journey. It’s very unique, has helped me a lot with my second pregnancy. Like warning me about leg cramps and what can prevent them, it answers all my questions. I would totally recommend it.♥️ I started using the app when I found out that I was pregnant with my first baby. I was terrified but this app helped me walk through everything and understand what was going on with my body. I’m very thankful I decided to get this app. I haven’t been able to open your app for two weeks. I just updated everything and it shuts keeps going to a blank screen! Fix it please. This app is amazing for all expecting mamas... I didn’t think it was possible for this app to get any better, but I’m obsessed with the most recent update! I recommend this app! Love the info and all the tips they give u. Have a 5 week old and each week comes with new tips! So great for a newborn. Just wish they would update for the X! We love using this app to track our little’s one growth every week! I absolutely love this app but it is missing a weight tracker.  I have another pregnancy app just so I can track weight gain, but would like to be able to delete that app if they can add that feature to this app. Really appreciate this app and all its info, and my husband loves it too. Especially the checklist feature. I learn something everyday! And find out about things I didn’t even think about! It’s so fascinating to see how the baby grows. Baby can grow to the size of many things you’d find amazing This app is great for keeping up with your pregnancy timeline, tracking progress, helpful articles! All around a fun app to have during pregnancy This app tells you all you need to know and more. I love the weekly updates you get from it as baby grows. Love tracking things week by week and seeing baby’s progress. Helpful articles too! I love the daily articles they give that align with what stage your in. I also love the 3D visuals of what is happening in my body and to baby weekly! I’ve used the bump for all my children. The app gives updates and all great information. I love using this app while I’m pregnant! I used it with when I was pregnant with my son (almost 4). I’m using it again! The only thing is I wish there was a twin/multiple setting. I’m having twin girls this time! 💗💗 I have used this app every time, very straight forward and provides the correct info! Small doses of information at the appropriate time during pregnancy makes learning less overwhelming. Seeing the stages when ultrasound in only once in a while makes a big difference! Such an amazing app that gets me excited to follow my new baby’s development everyday! Also has really helpful articles and tips. I love this app where I can track the progress of my pregnancy and baby.  Plus, it gives me all the tips I need I knew nothing about pregnancy going into it, and now 35 weeks in, the Bump, has helped me feel knowledgeable and safe at each weekly milestone! Used for 2 pregnancies. I wish they would have an option for 2nd pregnancies with slightly different information. Other than that it’s great, no complaints. I love love love this app! I have learned so much…& truly feel way more prepared this time around. Love the articles & size comparisons! ♥️ helped me so much while I was pregnant! 😍 It is so informative but also a fun way to keep up with where I’m at and how far I’ve come during my pregnancy! Gives you great advice and tools that you need.. keeps you updated weather you are first time mom or not. Helps me know what my wife is going through and keeps us up to date on our babies growth. It is so fun keeping track of stuff about the baby I love it I always know when the baby is due and I know how many weeks we are in for and it is the best app for baby’s ever!!🤰🏼😮 Your app just loudly autoplayed an ad upon opening the app that clearly indicated I’m pregnant, even though my phone was on silent. There was no way to turn the ad off that I could tell without force closing the app. If this had happened to someone at work before they wanted to inform their boss of a pregnancy, it would have been devastating. That’s absolutely unacceptable. There are some fun milestone aspects to this app but after continually reading opinion articles that would lead unknowing mothers to believe they are facts rather than a point of view- I am deleting this app. Other articles are just plain wrong as is they are trying to fill space to have articles each day. Better apps out there. Love love love the bump!!! My husband and I read and watch all the videos every week. It really helps us understand how our little man is growing and what to expect each week. This app was great until it wasn’t. I’ve used it with all of my pregnancies- currently pregnant with our third. The app had an update and when I reopened it, all photos/posts from the two previous pregnancies won’t load and are completely gone. I’m heartbroken about it. I definitely wouldn’t trust this app. Good for facts but don’t use it to document anything It is a great app if you only want to read articles and see baby updates weekly. But please fix the issues on the app, and website, that make loading month clubs impossible! They barely move or never load, even with lots of refreshing. I’ve used this app with all 3 of my pregnancies. I always look forward to the week by week updates on not only baby but mom too. Love, love, love this app! I downloaded 4 different tracking apps when I found out I was pregnant and after downloading this one I never looked back. Highly recommend. I absolutely love this app! I highly recommend this app if you’re a new momma & you wanna know the size of you baby everyday and so much more! There is so much amazing information. It’s so fun as a future Grandma to be able to share and read the changes and progress each week with my daughter. Highly recommend it!!! I really love this app every week I was learning something new about the baby also it let me no when it was time to pack my baby bag for the hospital it really help me a lot We love this for our daily fact! It’s so relatable and cute! We get a laugh out of it! We enjoy the design and cartoonish style. 
Love all the ends and outs with articles as well. I love this app. It’s the only one I use. I didn’t like how the daily facts went away after 1st trimester (somewhere around there). But now they are back!! Yay!! Love learning new little facts about my growing baby! This app is so helpful, on so many levels! From weekly reminders, informative articles, to3D baby growth diagrams. It’s even answered questions I didn’t know to ask! Amazing App! I used this app all throughout my pregnancy and let me just say it was great knowing every little milestone accomplished and even after the baby was born! It’s a must have app and very informative. Every time this app mentions your baby by gender, it’s a she. Would be nice have variations in the articles, especially if you know it’s a boy. Great app otherwise. Still use it and my baby boy is 2 months old now. I love this app because of the 3D images and the articles about all the topics you can think of regarding pregnancy.  I just wish they had a daily update as well and not just a weekly one! This app has helped guide me through my experience with first pregnancy till I gave birth giving me an accurate way of what to expect each week and month I love this app, it makes counting down the days to baby so fun. It keeps up with how big he is and a checklist of what you need to get done before this big arrival. 💙 I had so many questions about what to expect when pregnant. The community that participates in The Bump: mothers, partners & medical professionals make the Bump app one of the valuable, must-need apps for pregnancy on your side. I love how often the articles change and how timely they are. Also, the visuals of how both Mom and baby are changing are awesome. Overall best pregnancy app out there! I have three apps because why not but this one is by far my favorite! I love the look and the articles, it it so fun to open it everyday and see what is new ! I love it !! It’s so informative and I love the pictures. I love the part when u can see the baby and what’s happening with ur body too. As a dad wanting to be involved in the pregnancy, this app has given me a wealth of information. It has brought me closer to the process. The Bump has been my bible since I got pregnant. My son is now 6 month old and I still read my daily articles. My daughter was born almost 2 weeks ago, but I still use it because it teaches about newborns too! I love the all the information. I get excited every week to track my journey and also the fun facts makes great  conversation Absolutely love this app! Has helped ease my mind ever since I started using it. Also keeps you informed on baby progress! I love the fact you know. What’s going on with your baby week by week. This is my first child & I know nothing about pregnancy! My friend suggested this app & it has been so informative & helpful throughout this whole journey. Really fun to use and cool information. My wife and I enjoy using this app to track our baby’s progress!!! I wake up each morning to learn about what stage my baby is at and pertinent articles for this stage in my pregnancy. It is great! I really enjoy the notifications & updates I get. 
They help me feel connected to my little bebe as she grows Lots of great info and tools for all stages of pregnancy! It’s eased a lot of my anxiety also hearing that certain things are normal for a lot of people to experience. I love this app. It really focuses on the important topics that first time moms should be aware and knowledgeable. I like to read the articles each week. It’s been so helpful and provides great insight for a new mother like me when I’m in a panic or searching for answers in the middle of the night I absolutely love this app because I can find just about anything related to pregnancy here! Super helpful and informative! I can’t imagine having gone through my pregnancy journey without this incredible source! I love it I get to see where’s my baby current size and all Love using this app for updates on my pregnancy. Very accurate facts and information given each week of pregnancy Gives me answers to questions I’m too embarrassed to ask, and even to questions I never knew I needed I love the bump app! It has been a great guide for me during my pregnancy and after baby’s arrival. I love receiving baby updates and articles relating to baby’s current age/stages. So much information and so much fun to see the fact of the day:) I especially like the 3D feature. This is an awesome app for soon to be mommy’s! It’s easy to navigate, has SO much information, and is honestly just fun to look at! Highly recommended! Love this app! Lots of spon con but the kind you want to read lol. Super fun size updates and helpful week by week tips just when you need them. Love the interactive images of baby and mom. No comments from annoying people complaining so that’s a plus! I love checking daily facts and seeing the different sizes. I also love and appreciate the articles and their relation to my current stage of pregnancy! I’ve enjoyed the article and week by week updates. I recommend downloading One of the greatest app ever for new mommy's like myself, I learn a lot of things about my body changing during my pregnancy and how it is changing now during my postpartum. I love it! It’s me and my girlfriends first child and we check the app everyday. It excites me with the updates on how the baby grows, develops it’s organs, etc. I recommend this app for all first time parents. Being a first time father this app really helped me throughout the whole process. Tons of great information; and it really helped me stay up to date on my baby’s progression! This app offers many important information I am too lazy to read from a book. I appreciate the care and concern for the users like us. Great job!!! Thanks When I found out I was pregnant I couldn’t find the right app too keep track of my pregnancy, the Bump is by far my favorite app. I love the daily facts and allll the helpful information. Love this app!!! I’m a first time mom and this app has been super helpful!!! Love all the articles and information it gives. And how it also keep up to date with you baby. Love love love this app !!! This app has been great! I am a first time mom and I love the daily articles, updates, and size predictions. Definitely one of the ones I recommend to all my girlfriends! I like this app!  However, I would love to see more pregnancy options. We are having a baby thru a gestational carrier, but that or surrogacy is not an option to choose. That would be a great addition to the app. What I’ve appreciated most about this app is that the information regarding my baby at specific ages has been spot on. The topics of reading seem to be up to date with latest information. I love being able to see baby and it’s developments in 3D as well as what’s going on with my body! This app has tons of information and is really useful. This app is being with me all the way through my pregnancy is really good and you can find so many good tips for you in this season . Definitely get it ! From the countdown to advice to adorable baby references (your baby is as big as an eggo waffle!), this app is great at keeping you updated! I look forward to every day of my pregnancy. This app is amazing considering this is my second pregnancy it helps me remember how many weeks I am and how my baby is doing day by day I would totally recommend this app to another parent Amazing app! My only complaint is that the daily facts aren’t accurate. I’ve had the same facts at 4 weeks for the size of the baby and at 8 weeks! I really love this app I’m 19 and I think it’s cute and simple...but I honestly wish it has where you can put the day you got pregnant and then try’s to calculate your due date. Other than that I’m happily expecting 💜 Until this morning the app used to give, cute, daily updates on how your baby is growing. These little excerpts have now been removed. 

This is now just another weekly pregnancy app that lacks the unique features it once had. I downloaded this app in high anticipation. However, when creating an account, it keeps telling me to use a password for "The Knot" to log in. Well....I don't have a knot password. Clicked the link they have to ask for help since there's no other options....it's a dead link that goes nowhere. No way to contact them on the website. So guess I'm uninstalling. Oh well. I love this app. I like the information which started from the womb and continues today with the early months. This app covers all topics with regard to the care and growth of the baby. Best app i used while  pregnant, I downloaded others but this one was much easier to navigate. I have several apps to track my pregnancy and this is one of my favorites. Easy to use, lots of great information. Definitely a 5 Star app! Love the information provided for each week of pregnancy and each week after Baby is born!  Great articles too, all around a very useful and much needed app! 🙂🍼👶🏻 Helping me pace myself, answering lots of questions- i look forward to my bump update every week :) theres something so comforting and grounding about it. I have used this app for both my pregnancy and I absolutely love it. It is full of great information and so easy to navigate ❤️ This app got me more excited about my first child! I didn't think I could get more excited. Such a cool "new mom" app I think. I don't care for the ads and more nutrition facts or recipes would be a big plus but over it's a great app. I love it daily updates and daily reads. The 3d baby and my body view are also great to reference! This is my 3rd kiddo and I still get excited to check the app. Always have relevant article and very informative. I love the app! I love being able to compare my baby’s to food 😂 I especially love the articles they send out in the email! Super fun app for all the pregnant women! I liked the Bump app the best out of the pregnancy apps I downloaded and tried. I love the daily updates, I look forward to looking at the new fact of the day ❤️❤️ I check this app every week for updates on my baby. I love the 3D views too. Totally would recommend this app. I’m surprised it is free I’ve been using it since I first found out I was pregnant. I get excited to check it every week 😃 This app has been so helpful and fun during my pregnancy! 10/10 would recommend to any future mamas! Love tracking baby’s progress while learning a little bit about baby/pregnancy every day. Sweet information about baby without being sappy. Great information and interface! I wish the articles had more substance and weren’t as “click-bait-esque”. This app is great! I use it daily for the articles and my favorite part is that it gives you a new measurement comparison daily!! Best app out there to keep track of pregnancy along the way and many articles to read about pregnancy. This app has been so helpful as a first time mom! I get so many answers to question I have and it has given me so much relief. The articles don’t update anymore, it shows the same things week after week even with updating the app. I’m a huge fan of this App , it walk us through the entire journey and provides valuable information. Nice articles and I like how it tells you baby's size each week. It’s beautiful to be able to watch as you grow and have a visual I love looking at the new information as I hit each monthly milestone. Very intuitive and informative As a first time mom the articles and the fact that it keeps track of how many weeks you are is very useful . So informative I love to look at the progress every day for my grand baby. There is always something new to see. Love the app. Love using this app! It has gotten me through two pregnancies with the best advise and cutest pictures throughout the weeks of how big baby is. The way I’m able to receive so much information is delightful Thankfully, I am gaining access to useful information and learning about the process of preparing for a healthy pregnancy and lifestyle thereafter. This app is amazing!!! Not only does it give you all the cutesy details about baby, but it also shares some pretty good tips.. like how to relieve back pain, what to pack in your delivery bag, etc. It’s so great to have!!! 👍🏼 I do like this app and I check it every week, but I like Ovia better. The articles on The Bump are cool and helpful, but I think the actual week by week pregnancy info on Ovia is better. I enjoy using both on my phone. :) I absolutely love this app. I’m a first time Mom and I love all the tips it gives you on the daily. I love the fun facts and all the info on the babies size. I highly recommend this to all pregos! Definitely a great source but it has not once been updated to take into account the current pandemic. Many of the articles are not going to guide you how to deal or prepare for birth during a time famalies are not allowed in the home. This is my second pregnancy using the app, first time it was great , I was able to save notes throughout my pregnancy and email all the notes to myself after delivery. 
This time I can’t figure out how to add data or notes and I can’t see to find access to the notes from my last pregnancy to compare (outside of finding the old email I used this app for both of my pregnancy and I recommend it to all my friends. It helps me to keep with all my week to week pregnancy pics. I totally love it. Great information on what the process looks like for mom and baby. I also love that you can choose a theme to show how baby is growing each week. I love this app. The countdown is great, as are all the articles that pop up each day. Some of the veggies and fruit comparisons are a little silly and not entirely realistic, but fun! My hubby and I both enjoy it! I’m going to be the grandparent but I’m looking at this app every day! I had the WHAT TO EXPECT WHEN YOU’RE EXPECTING book when I was pregnant 29 years ago which was wonderful for that time but this is way more fun! The functionality and content of this app exceed that of the famed “what to expect.” I have and use both but I like The Bump better. Love getting to see the size comparisons of our baby girl each day. The articles are also informative, especially if your a first time mommy to be. ❤️ I love The Bump...this is my second pregnancy and I wish I would of had this app with my first pregnancy. Very insightful detailed information even about topics that are a bit “Taboo” This app has been so helpful with keeping me on track and providing me with very helpful information, answering questions before I ever realize I have them. I love it! Love this app. Something new in it to read everyday. I am a little disappointed that the feature of how big your baby is daily is now gone. I would love to see that come back. Great app. Love the articles and the organized check list. I always look forward to seeing how big baby is each week! Lots of good info in easy to read bits. Nice layout. Fresh content daily. Rarely has loading issues. This app literally has it all from daily reads that are super helpful/resourceful, product reviews, a forum, and more! I use this app everyday! Such a beautiful app to track pregnancy very informative and we love the size comparisons for baby day by day definitely my favorite part! I found the app very informative as this was my first pregnancy. I learned a lot and was very informed. Basically a must have from the moment you start trying to conceive. So informative ! Even though its my second time around, I love seeing all my updates with visuals Loved checking this app every week during my pregnancies. It’s so fun to learn what’s going on from one week to the next. And it continues after birth, which is nice. I really enjoy the articles, videos, and daily fact! Tons of other cool features too! Like the information that it provides and the weekly videos Super easy to use and helpful for providing info about weekly changes throughout pregnancy. This app has been so fun and informative through my pregnancy! The size updates are so cool and the articles are super interesting and helpful! I love everything it tells me about my baby, me and my daughter love looking how the baby is growing in 3D and how size and what to size it to. Every day it is great to see how big the baby is and every week to see how the baby is developing. I love all the info this app provides. It’s well organized and I love that my husband can download a version for himself too. I like all the news and information you collected. It is so convenient for new Mom to read and get the tips! So easy and informative. I use no other app to help track my pregnancy and find helpful tips and advice along the way. Used this app all throughout my pregnancy and still using it postpartum! Has the most useful information! I read the articles, I check the size of the baby, I even enjoy laughing at the ridiculous fun facts everyday! Makes navigating this pregnancy easier and provides lots of interesting and useful education I was very disappointed with a recent click bait email “this thing you are doing is very dangerous click to find out what”  shameful way to exploit new parents fear.  I message them about it and received a form email back with no acknowledgment of the issue. I no longer wish to support them in any way. Fun layout and comparisons of baby size to random everyday things makes it really enjoyable. I’ve used this app to keep track of two pregnancies. It’s easy to use and informational. I give this app a 1 start review in protest and solidarity with the women living in states attacking abortion rights.  With roe v wade under threat and the possibility of menstruation and pregnancy trackers being used against women, these apps that had potential to keep us further informed of tips and changes and how to handle them also show potential to be weaponized. So, I’m definitely not supporting any more of these. I love all the articles, accurate tracking, and information I love this app! This is my second pregnancy and they always have fun facts and interesting info. I check this app daily and so does my boyfriend 🥰 I’ve really enjoyed this app and the great information it provides. I love reading real life stories to help me prepare for our little one. I’m a first time mom and this app has givin me alot of information i have learned alot from it! would totally recommend! I used this app my entire pregnancy. And now am using it after the baby is born. It really helps you stay on track week by week. Love it! Just started using this app 4 weeks ago as I am newly pregnant and could not be happier. It’s been very helpful and fun to enjoy with family as we embark on this journey together. I’ve tried a few and this is by far the best for info, community. logging pregnancy photos and even photos of baby after their born! My favorite part is the new information I get at the beginning of each week. The articles are helpful too. As a grandma, I just love this App. It notify me every morning and says “Hi Grandma”. Lots of great information of things I didn’t know when I had my kids!!!!  Highly recommend this one!!! Loved this app while I was pregnant and even now with my little one being five months old. Gives you so much information! This is the absolute go to for any new moms, current moms, new moms again! Perfect for any stage any week. I always look forwards to reading all the have, definite must have for all moms. I've really enjoyed the app through my pregnancy! What I don't like is the new update makes the app not even open. So there needs to be some bug fixes before I can even use the app anymore. Helps you keep track of your baby's progress. Easy to use as well! I wish it had a video for every week but besides that it has a lot of good information. I’m a first time mother and was scared about everything with this being my first pregnancy! But The Bump app guided me thru my first trimester with such ease and I’m very pleased ! This app always has great insight about things to expect. / it’s very informative regarding what’s new with baby as the weeks go on. I love this app! I read it everyday to get updates on my baby. It's super user friendly and easy to navigate. Also, I'm a lesbian and my wife and I love that it is one of the only apps that is same-sex relationship friendly. 👍🏼 I love this app and website! Very informative. 
There’s a weird bug or something going on. I occasionally will receive five of the same notification at one time, not a big deal, but I wasn’t sure if this was happening to somebody else. I am expecting my 1st grandchild in November. My daughter suggested that I get this app to keep up with her pregnancy. I love everything about it. Things have changed since I had my own children and it is very informative. Love it! While I enjoyed this app during my first trimester (tracking how “big” my baby was), i couldn’t relate much after I was about midway through my second trimester. Very little is shared about home birth, physiological birth, water birth, free birth, etc. Almost all of the posts regarding birth mention hospitals. I also found it to be white woman centered. I appreciate the mini updates and advice! I've tried quite a few and this one is by far my favorite. I will be recommending this app to all of my friends and family. This app is an incredible goldmine! I’m so comforted by many aspects of this app!! The bump app is something I’ve looked forward to every week during my pregnancy. Very informative and helpful! I’m a first time mom and I have been learning lots about my baby and body. They have good articles. Super useful app! Loved that it gives you week by week information on what to expect. I love this app!  It follows your pregnancy weekly and tells you what you need to get done and it explains symptoms you might be having! Love this, so fun to see the size of baby each week along with helpful info of what to expect I have found the articles to be very helpful and easy to navigate. This app is very aesthetically pleasing and seems current on all new research. No outdated information for new moms. I love the daily articles! It gives you 4 they believe are relevant and you can pick and choose what you read. 
Great for first time moms This app is everything! Especially if you are a first time parent! Highly recommended I really enjoy the articles and the weekly planner! The size comparisons every day are fun too. Loved having this app during my pregnancy. This app has been my favorite so far. I love that family can follow along in the journey. The 3D visuals of our baby and my body are truly amazing. The Bump has been such a fabulous supplement to my first pregnancy. I love seeing the size changes every day and the articles never overwhelm me. I love this app! I found it by accident and told my daughter (who is pregnant with her first baby) about it. I can follow along with her and get great information!! I have had this app in my phone from the day I found out I was pregnant and still using it today. Very helpful informative. Love this app. Always has awesome articles and information other apps may not have. Love the daily notifications, and so much more info is provided Bour baby’s development than other apps So fun to compare baby to different things to help understand size, as well as the articles that cover a range of topics. I’ve used The Bump for two pregnancies now and I really enjoy it. It’s fun and informative, and easy to use. Great product! This app is so informative and has so much information so readily available. It’s great for a mommy-to-be during her first pregnancy ! I love the updates on how big the baby is each week. I also love learning what is going on with me and the baby each week. Easy and fun to follow. Full of interesting and relevant articles also. My five year old loved seeing what size the baby was each week ;) I rarely even check this app anymore now that the community Real Answers section is gone. I used to check it several times a day. Will end up deleting for that, it needs an actual community support with real people answering each other’s questions. I am using the bump with my first pregnancy and without it i would be lost. So much information is available to you through this app!! Love it!!! Must have!!! Love x1,000 this app is so useful and so much info and helpful love looking forward to each new week of new info and pics This app answers my questions I ask in my head or wonder about. I think it then bam! It is an article sent to me from the bump. Keep up the great work. This is my first pregnancy 🤰🏼 and the app has been SO useful as a go-to for all of my questions about development. It’s just the right mix of biology and cuteness. 😍 Such a Great App! I open it everyday faithfully! I enjoy learning more and more about my little peanut. I highly recommend any mom to be, especially first timers like me, to download this app. The “real answers” section is a mess. I’m nearly done with my pregnancy and it reverted back to the second trimester. There’s no way to sort answers by most recent, so when you go manually into the third trimester questions you are getting ones from 2016. I’ve written to support multiple times but it hasn’t been fixed. This app gives you a weekly “size” that your baby should be. It also gives you a daily size. However, the daily size goes bigger to smaller, to bigger to smaller. Please tell me how my baby is the size of a hard boiled egg yesterday, and today could fit on a sugar packet? These inconsistencies have been going on for 12 weeks. I really like this app for helpful info. I like the simplicity, highly recommend. I’m not crazy about some of the obvious sales/cross-promotion emails but other than that I love it. This app is awesome! It tells you what is going on every week with your baby, and also with your body.  I love the super cute daily facts about your baby! I love this app. I had downloaded several to help me keep track of my pregnancy but this is the only one I use. The articles and daily facts are great reads! For a first time mom to be! This app has helped me a lot!! I love all the information they give me and different articles each day!!! I highly recommend it!! Thanks for the update!! Changed my review to 5 stars because it was updated to support the iPhone X. 

We love it, it’s become an app we use everyday. It’s a wonderful app to keep track of your pregnancy and it answers all the questions & topics which we had in our mind throughout pregnancy. I really love this app 😊 There must be a glitch happening because I will get a group of about ten of the same notification within seconds of each other. I love it! & I like how it gives me a lot of different articles to read everyday & gives me an 
illustration of what my baby does and looks like every week❤️❤️ All the articles are helpful and I enjoy reading them- a lot of them are written with a fun, witty flair. I preferred other apps during pregnancy to track fetal growth and development, but once baby arrives, lots of good information. This app was a good place to start. It helped every week with information and keeping you up on something’s to expect. Which help keep down nervousness and confusion. And I loved knowing how my bump was growing.😉🤓 I love The Bump I had it when the whole time I was pregnant and I still use it every single day and my baby boy is 3 months😊 I love how it keeps me updated on my babies growth. & has additional information to look up whenever i need advice. This app is just a good way to catch up with my pregnancy. i like how it has a picture for each week of what the baby is looking like and forming . I love that it gives you daily tips and a daily fact about your baby I check the Bump daily there’s so much great information especially for a first time mom to be like myself! It’s my second pregnancy and I’ve used it both times, it’s nice to read about my symptoms. Very validating Really been enjoying using the Bump as a first time mom. The information is easy to digest, the app is intuitive, and best of all, it’s free! I absolutely love this app. Anytime I have any questions concerning my baby girl, I jump on this app and search whatever I’m looking for. Absolutely love this app! Super helpful when you have a question or concern. Fun to know what is current in baby care and advice from current moms regarding baby equipment of today. Loved the illustrations of baby at weekly development. This app has so much good info! I love that it tell you how big the baby is by using everyday object to compare too!! Check it every day to see updates on how big my little baby is❤️ This app kept me informed and sane throughout my pregnancy.  So many great articles with information given in terms a layperson can understand!! Love the articles and information provided each week. I look forward to this app everyday. Tracking my pregnancy and reading the articles Helpful articles. Fun seeing which fruit or vegetable your baby is the size of each week. Love this app ! I have used it for both of my children and will continue, super easy to use and great features ! I check The Bump several times a week for tips and information. It’s such asset for parents at all parenting stages. I use this app almost daily to read up on current happenings with my pregnancy. I have Flo, What to Expect, and Texas Health. This is by far the most informative and interactive app out of all of them. Highly recommend! Love the daily size comparisons for baby. They are so much fun! The articles have a lot of helpful information too! Love this app for first time pregnancies. I wish their was an option for second/third pregnancies and information/topics geared specially for that. How different both pregnancies were! The bump app is fantastic. It manages to do push notifications without being obnoxious, has great features, amazing articles, and keeps the joy in the pregnancy experience. I love this app! It gives me suggestions on how to help my wee one and lets me know when she’s on track! Used during pregnancy and postpartum. Great app for new moms! My daughter-in-law invited me to share this app with them & I absolutely love it! I wish I had this 34 years ago! There’s so much more information and resources available! This has helped me so much during my pregnancy and since having my child to ease any anxiety I didn’t even know I was going to have. This app needs a real overhaul. 3 months is 12 weeks, not 9. 12 weeks is when an embryo becomes a fetus. The daily scale is strange. True, in early stages it’s hard to gauge. Just say that instead of blueberry to altoid... a blueberry is larger. 

Decent information. What to expect is better. Great at counting down the weeks also helpful tips to keeping yourself healthy and your baby I love the daily articles and notes on how big the baby is getting. The information is helpful, and not over the top. I’ve used it through pregnancy and now postpartum. My daughter is almost a year old and it is still one of my top used baby apps I’ve downloaded and tried many different apps to keep track of my baby’s growth, but this one is by far my favorite! I really love the bump app. I use it every day. It provides relevant articles to me and I love the ‘you’re baby’s as big as a X’ alerts each week that I get. I absolutely love this app I check it every day and it makes me super excited to be expecting my baby with all the information they give me. I’ve tried a few different pregnancy tracking apps and for me this one is my favorite! I get 3D images, information about baby’s growth and there are relevant articles to read as well! This app has a ton of features for free which is almost impossible to find in any other pregnancy tracker app I love this app it lets me know everything going on inside my body, and it all adds up Great app! Love the articles answering the the questions I have. They are easy to read and concise. Also love knowing the progression of my little bean I’m enjoying what the app has to offer. I read the recommended articles everyday and love the weekly takeaways. The bump has the answer to any question that you could imagine about a new baby. Content is spot on. Always aligning with symptoms for my wife during pregnancy. Really great visuals for progress of baby that’s growing too. I like the articles and all info the app provides to track my pregnancy Having the Bump App has allowed me to follow the progress of my daughter’s and son-in-law’s pregnancy from afar.  I gain an understanding of the moods, joys, discomforts, that they are experiencing on a weekly basis as the pregnancy progresses. I used this app my entire pregnancy! i have one week to go and i have no complaints! thank you! Love this app. The weekly updates while pregnant and after baby came too. Lots of great articles and checklists. I take the information I read on here with a grain of salt. My entire pregnancy their suggestions push old and new vaxin8tions but they say to deter from nipple stimulation because it could be harmful to the baby…. The irony of some of the articles are absolutely comical and concerning. My go-to source during my pregnancy and after! So much helpful information My sister is expecting and I asked her if I could track her daily goals I have enjoyed this new adventure! Great app to follow along your pregnancy journey. The fruit progress is cool so are the articles. I wish the layout was a little better but not bad for a free app! Track baby’s development, find resources about everything, create inclusive registries… all the things! 🤰💕 It’s so fun, helpful and honestly way better than my other pregnancy tracker apps! This is the one I’m in every single day! This app was very helpful throughout pregnancy until I got to the end. All the articles are about preparing for labor and natural birth, but doesn’t have much information for moms that end up having scheduled c-sections and what to expect or how to prepare. I love the weekly updates but the Baby Cebter app has a better picture of what the baby looks like. I suggest getting both 😊 Easy to use, tons of helpful information and I love the way it’s laid out! One of the better apps out there. I recommend this app for pregnant women. It is informative and helpful, especially the weekly timeline and the articles. I tried out many pregnancy apps and I like this one the best. The information is useful and factual and the graphics are adorable! Using this app now for my second pregnancy because I loved it so much the first time!! I love the food comparisons for size and all the articles from other mamas! My daughter is having her first baby and lives far away. She got me connected to The Bump so I can track and enjoy sharing her pregnancy. I’m loving it🥰 So disappointed in the recent update. The app is now very clunky and they took away the Q&A section, which was my favorite feature. I had the app with my first pregnancy, and loved it. But now in my second pregnancy, I’ll probably start looking for another app to use that allows Q&A. 
Before the recent update, I probably would have given the app 4/5 stars. It’s been such a pleasure to read the articles, threads from other mamas, see the interactive baby simulator and fun facts as I’ve progressed through this first pregnancy of mine. So happy this exists! the graphics and layout are so well made, simple interface, articles interesting/relevant/to the point. best pregnancy app i found! I love the bump! Im so happy to have found it. This app is so informative & I love the tracker! I like that it doesn’t have all these crazy ads like other apps do. This app has been so useful during my pregnancy. There are so many great articles to read and the weekly updates are great. I love the daily facts on this app!!! I look forward to opening the app every morning and reading my daily fact about my baby’s size! Great app to keep up with the progress without making the mom crazy with questions. They’ve come a long way! It keeps track of things I need/want to remember and has an enormous amount of information. I love the questions section. My husband and I both have the app on our phone. We love the weekly updates and the 3D ultrasound. The articles have been helpful and informative. Great app! I don’t even have to read any books, bec this app tells me everything I need to know! I’ve enjoyed this app throughout my pregnancy and postpartum. It always has just what I’m thinking as a new read! Very good at keeping me posted and suggesting techniques for helping my wife and future child, awesome I’ve used this app for 2 pregnancies now and I love it! Always recommend, and will use it for any future pregnancies as well. This is my second pregnancy using this app and I love how simple it is to use and all the great information provided Super simple to find things and check stats at a glance! I downloaded this app looking for a good one to track my pregnancy. Very forced views, almost felt like the app was created to force expecting mothers to view things the way the creator does. I do not like that the statements & videos are created by a stay at home mom rather than ACTUAL professionals! Downloaded for one day and deleted it. Loved during pregnancy and enjoying using during the early weeks of baby’s life too! Great concept but would prefer a cleaner interface. Feels very cluttered with the layout at the moment. Love the features though Articles are good. Baby diagrams are cool. Glad it’s written by women/moms with experience. 

All the ads can be overwhelming. But still good app. Great app to track size! Good reads, actually helpful info and gives great week to week detail! Best app I have found! Kept me informed and excited through every step of my pregnancy and now even motherhood!! Recommended to all new mamas! This app has amazing articles, great suggestions and lots of fun facts/info about any topic you can think of. I love this app. This is my first pregnancy and I feel like this app tells me everything I need to know. I love love love as a second time mom  I still don’t know anything and times change. The bump keeps me in the loop Perfect free app to guide you through your pregnancy. Very informative with elements of fun through the daily guides. Definitely recommend downloading it! This is my favorite app to track all the changes that come with growing a baby bump! Very informative and the infographics are cute too. Would highly recommend I enjoy the daily articles in this app. They aren’t always relevant to me, but they have a lot of info! Very helpful and they show you exactly what you need to know and let you know ahead what’s coming I love it! It’s free you don’t have to do payments for it and it’s so informative. I love how it has extra features like a baby names section. And I love the layout. I love this app. It helped me so much throughout my pregnancy and once my son was born I just let the app know and it gives you information about newborns! Fun app to use. It’s the first thing I check in the morning to see how big our baby has grown. Just makes me more excited. The older version of this app was great and something I’d look at several times a day. Since upgraded I can barely navigate the app, it’s information overload in really no sensible order and the Q+A board is now a complete mess. Sorry but I will probably delete this now for a different app. Feel very lost in the third trimester without the message board. I never rate apps... but this one was worth it!!! I loved the Bump! I especially loved the comparisons of the baby’s size everyday. The articles and tips from real moms were really helpful. I have five pregnancy apps including this one. This is my least favorite.  Repetitive articles. I can google and get more info and accurate info. To do list needs improvement. Very little info on growing baby and week by week changes. Community is rude and not supportive. Try baby center! This is one of the best interactive apps I’ve used. Information has been spot on and love seeing the Daily Fact! Thank you for being so great. Love this app and I’m not a big “app” person! So fun to experience this with my daughter especially the chuckles we get when comparing baby’s development to produce! This was my go to app since the day I found out I was pregnant! Baby is 2.5 months old now and it still gives insights and is great. I absolutely love this app. From the 3D model of what your little peanut would look like, to all of the information...hands down my favorite! I highly recommend this app. It has helped guide me through pre baby/ post baby questions and concerns. Love. Love. Love. I will continue to use it as my babe grows older. My first baby and I am so happy with this app! I went through about 8 other apps before setting on this one. I’m glad I did. My partner and I both love it. i LOVE this app, it’s the best! it keeps me updating on my baby’s progress, and
i love the diagrams it has to show the baby’s development in 3D, & i love to see the baby in the belly to see how big it really is in my stomach 💙 Overall the app is great but some of the videos don’t play. I click the play button, it goes to another screen and then just sits there. I took the couple as a fluke but it’s actually all the videos. :( Well organized and informative. So much info, and I feel supported every day by this app. Amazing and informative. This app is as if you have your mom or mother-in-law guiding you in every step of your pregnancy and baby’s first year of life. Couldn’t recommend this app more. So helpful in tracking pregnancy and providing important info. This app has helped me track my pregnancy and keep up with what’s going on and what to expect next. So thankful for “The Bump” app This is definitely my go to app! I love that it tracks pregnancy & still after birth🤍 love reading up on my babies. I love all the features that comes with this, exciting to see what the new week will bring. Using this for the second time with baby #2 so glad I found this app So much information. The 3D features is the boom. Helpful tips and articles too. 10/10 I really enjoy the Bump app! It sends me beautiful and informative messages that keeps me optimistic about each stage of my pregnancy. Thanks, The Bump! Provides so much information for new mom. Definitely has helped me so far. Thank you so much, Bump! Expecting a baby and find all my info on the app literally anything including baby names Love watching baby grow every week and finding out what’s wrong w me LOL and the articles are SO helpful! Highly recommend! The articles are usually things I’m wondering about. I feel more informed and prepared I’m using this as my daughter and son-in-law go through our first grandchild. It’s good to remember, see what’s new, and talk to my daughter about. She never looks ahead, but I do. I’ve loved this app all through pregnancy and now postpartum! I enjoy all the articles and week by week updates/tips. Love all of the information this app gives. I also love that it shows 3D images of baby and mamas body with explanation of changes weekly. Great app! THIS APP IS COMPLETELY USELESS SINCE YOU REMOVED THE “REAL ANSWERS” SECTION!!! Bringing it back is the only way to make this app worth keeping. I used it DAILY when it had the “real answers” section but barely use it once a month now. And please stop acting like the “community” threads, which users cannot search through for their topic of interest, is a solid replacement. It’s terrible!!!!! Love the bump app, but there are some typos when they are talking about how the baby is growing in your stomach. The app itself is a really cool concept though and I have loved seeing my how my little bean looks week to week. Update: I do NOT like this new version. Probably my favorite feature was the easy way to search past questions or post new ones, but it looks like that was eliminated?

I downloaded a few pregnancy apps and this was by far the one I used/referenced most. It’s simple and not too overwhelming, yet really helpful and informative. This app makes tracking pregnancy easy and fun! Love getting updates on how big our baby girl is and what’s going on in her development. I absolutely love this app. It’s my first time being a mommy and it just explains everything you need to know. It teaches you things step by step! I absolutely love this app!! Easy to use, great articles and information!! I downloaded multiple pregnancy apps, and this is the only one I use now ❤️ This app is very helpful- gives you day by day articles about frequently asked questions, open chats for any questions you do have for other users to give input. Awesome app! Best pregnancy app I use, and I use about three of them. This one is my new go to. I love how it shows a 3D imagine of the growing baby!! 5 stars all day! Highly recommend! Best pregnancy app! I look forward to the weekly updates on my baby and read it together with my husband. I love all the fun facts 🤓 and the helpful to do list recommendations. So fun! I just found out I am pregnant for the first time and like most I am not sure what is ok to feel and what is not, this app has helped to calm my nerves and help me be prepared. Thanks! Very informative, used It through my entire pregnancy as well as after my baby was born. Keeps me informed on milestones and love reading the daily articles. It really kept me up to date on not only my baby, but things about myself as well. I'm most definitely going to re-use !! : ) It would be better if I could “save” or “store” some of the useful articles I read for later.

Texting them to myself is a bit of a pain, I’d much rather be able to pull them up in the app. Absolutely love this app has plenty to read each week I love how informative this app was throughout pregnancy and it continued after birth. It’s helpful to have so many tools and resources in one place. I look forward to checking this app every day, it’s been an awesome way to track my pregnancy 😍 So fun to check on baby’s size and development, see the rendering of baby and me, and see the daily tips. My first pregnancy. My feelings/emotions and symptoms are definitely validated. I’m learning so much and am very grateful for the information that is provided. Super useful tool I used all throughout my pregnancy. Going in blind, not knowing a thing as a first time mom, this app was SUPER helpful for me !! Learned so many things about pregnancy and babies I had no idea about! Very helpful I love all of the resources from medical professional advice, to real stories, and the daily facts are a favorite!!! It’s been so fun following along :) The 3D visual is amazing! I love that I can see exactly how big my baby is and what features they have gained every week. I’ve been using this app for all 3 of my pregnancies and I love all the tips and support it offers. I absolutely love this app . Every week I look forward to seeing how much my baby has grown . Always knows what I’m curious about just at the right time! Great information and easy to use I used The Bump for both my pregnancies. I love the daily facts and the articles. Love all the features that help prepare you for baby. The daily articles are helpful and the support provided from the communities is great! Very easy to navigate, cute and useful  information and tips. I love this app. It is so informative and easy to use, and I love using it to check my baby’s progress. I used this app for both my first and second babies. Very informative! This Is My Fourth Pregnancy, And I’ve Always Used A Different App To Track My Pregnancies Until I Discovered This One. It’s By Far My Favorite!😊 Obsessed with this app! So much information, I find myself going on it everyday! Love it! Helps me with a lot of the questions I have being a first time mom and helps me keep tract of my pregnancy I’m a new expecting Dad and me and my Fiancé love this app we check it every morning and very informative 5 stars very helpful Get this app for peace of mind in all ways. So comprehensive, helpful, informative and grounding. I’m really enjoying it and learning so much about my pregnancy! Love this app ! Keeps me updated with my babies growth and it also guides me on what to eat and what are the best things for my baby and I . The app is very useful and informative. It helps me track my pregnancy and provides me with information for every stage. This helped me keep track of my baby and entire pregnancy. I love it and highly recommend it The Bump is a great tool to use while pregnant. It has great info each week and reminders of what’s to come! I love this app. Used the whole time I was pregnant. Love the daily articles and the weekly updates about how my body and baby is changing. This is my second pregnancy and I still use the app to refer back to things that you tend forget between pregnancies ! The app was great for baby one, I loved the belly photo section. But now that I’m pregnant again, I would have to delete all the belly/baby monthly photos to log them for kid 2. 

I wish it would create a second album Like the app but needs a search function so you can search for specific articles real answers/ being able to listen to other people’s opinions was THE best part of the app. i’m a FTM and i’m due in less than a month and still have TONS of questions i’d like to ask/ look up. i’m really not sure why you guys would remove that feature considering i never saw ANY negative feedback from the “community”. BRING BACK REAL ANSWERS !! The Bump app really helped me during my pregnancy...it was informative with a lot of things and the app is still helping me as a first time mom as well