This app has helped so much in keeping track with everything! I love the bits of information it shares for every .5 week mark. And let’s be honest, how well do we really keep track with things in a written journal these days? I love being able to track my weight, cravings, and moods so that when it’s time to talk to the doctor about it - it’s all there on my phone! Definitely a must have for mamas! This app contained some helpful articles and prompts to assist me with making great choices during my pregnancy. I especially appreciated the article about what not to eat during pregnancy.  I liked that I could log my pregnancy symptoms, weight, and other things related to my health. I also love that the app has a progress bar to show how far through my pregnancy I am. 

What I didn’t like us how difficult it was to set the app up and that it was supposed to share data with my pregnancy coach but this feature never worked successfully. There were also limitations to what symptoms I could log (some of my symptoms weren’t listed I couldn’t type in my own that weren’t on the list). I could write down questions for my doctor but couldn’t write down the answers after receiving them, which made me to prefer writing down my questions and answers and notes in my journal rather than in the app. I also could take photos of myself through the app to post but I couldn’t select photos from my camera roll or reverse the direction of the camera or use a timer for the photos, which limited me to taking selfies at somewhat awkward angles, which was not too great of an experience.  

Overall, the app has lots of limitations and room for improvement, but it also has some helpful features and lots of potential to be great once the kinks are worked out. I highly recommend this app! I shared it with my friend who’s pregnant and she loves it. VERY FRUSTRATING!! Would love to use this app but it literally will not let me sign up. Ask me for my phone number and then brings me to a screen to enter a 6 digit code (that never comes). When I tried to start completely over, it tells me I already have an account and I do not. My husband then tried on his phone and had the same issues.