Ever since my second son was born back in June of this year, I have been dealing with a really bad case of PPD… With my other two year old son to also care for, it made it very difficult for me to focus and stay calm during the day while their dad was at work. Little things would bother me and I would get frustrated over nothing. I just recently discovered this amazing app about a month ago, and it’s not magic and definitely doesn’t help things change over night… but WOW. As long as you create a habit with the meditations and use them when you’re in a time of need, I have seen that they truly do HELP so much. After we put the babies to bed every night, I get cozy on my rocking chair with a hot cup of tea and a warm blanket and just relax and breathe while I complete my session. I feel like this is helping me become a much calmer mom and helping me be the best mom to my sons that I can be. Thank you so much for creating this app, Mindful Mamas. Such a lifesaver for me. 💕 I adore this app and recommend it to all my mama friends. I think the uniqueness of these meditations speaking specifically to moms, and the high level of knowledge conveyed through them, make this app an absolute winner. I just wish there was a lifetime purchase option!

I had purchased Headspace during pregnancy, but when I tried this app, I couldn’t turn back. As a new mama of an 8-month-old boy, I was stunned at all the new feelings I was experiencing after his birth. This app makes me feel understood and normal. It helps me understand what I’m feeling so I can accept it as part of the process and move on. My sleep patterns have changed, and nothing has helped me sleep like these meditations. Wow! Whenever I need to relax or decompress, I can count on this app to give me an empathetic, helping hand. It’s spectacular. 

Thank you to the app developers for all the hard work you’ve put into creating it. I truly can’t put into words what this app has done for me. It is clear a TON of work went into the development of it. I am a mom to 2 boys, 4 years and almost 2 and work full time with other new moms as a nurse. I have lived with GAD and OCD as long as I can remember which was worsened after having my kiddos. I also am at risk of secondary trauma due to my job. This app has helped me stay in the moment, significantly reduced my anxiety & mama guilt overall, helped me be more intentional when working with clients and has even made me more patient with my husband. I’ve been wanting to take mindfulness classes for years in conjunction with my therapy but never got around to it. Other mindfulness apps don’t compare. I would pay double. You can’t put a price on mental health if you are in this privileged category of being able to pay for your well being. I wish I could give it to all of the families I work with! I use this app daily. Can’t sleep? Listen to the sleep like a mama bear meditation. Toddler having a meltdown? Listen to the tantrum meditation. Having a panic attack? Find a guided breathing track that speaks to me. Having negative thoughts and spiraling out? Go to the emotions tab and find what matches my feelings. What makes this a step up from other apps like Insight Timer, is every single piece of this is tailored to me as a mom. Every track opens with “welcome mindful mama, we are so glad you’re here...” There is nothing else out there that is so specific to our experiences and struggles as mothers. This app makes me feel empowered, it gives me the strength to be patient, and it helps me dig myself out of ruts. I am so grateful for this app and the women behind it. Do yourself a favor and download this app. It is worth every penny. I downloaded this app 4 weeks postpartum and honestly it was just what I needed. The 4th trimester can be the hardest for many women and having this app truly helped give me the confidence I needed to trust myself and to take better care of my mental health. I had another app that I used for meditations but it lacked the  personalized focus on being a mama and navigating through so much as a mama. 

I love the “mama mantras” and feeling so cared for with the “daily sips”, meditations, courses and more. I now look forward to starting my day with this app, even if it is after a sleepless night. It helps me recenter myself and refocus my mind on a more positive outlook. 

Thank you mindful mama creators for giving us this app and for helping so many mamas not feel so alone in a time that can sometimes feel so isolating. I have been looking for an app that has meditations appropriate for motherhood, and this is it. It has perfect meditations for moms of new babies, or toddlers, even of school-age children and older. I feel very understood by the developers of these meditations. I gave it four stars instead of five for two reasons: it would be very special to have meditations to do with older kids together, and the price point is really high. It’s so amazing that I want to tell all my Newman friends about it but the price point makes it prohibitive. I’m almost embarrassed to tell them about it because I know that the price point is way too high. I think it would be nice to be able to share the account with another mom to help with cost-sharing. Or perhaps organizations like new mom centers could purchase group memberships that their members could access. I am a full-time working mother of two and this app couldn’t have been launched at a better time. I am lucky enough to be working from home during this global crisis known as the Coronavirus, but with that comes the amplified stress of simultaneously balancing my marriage with giving my children enough attention and performing at work. I have used the meditations countless times and every single time I came out the other side with less anger, anxiety and stress. I’m thankful for this app now more than ever and I’ve been recommending it to every wife, mother and friend of mine when they are dealing with a difficult situation. It’s for every stage of motherhood and I can’t wait to see what the future holds for this amazing organization! I could ramble on and on about how amazing this app and their customer service. I had to contact them and they immediately got back to me (midnight my time!!!) and took care of it. I have told so many mamas about this. I NEVER pay for apps and this is the only one I have ever paid for. I will be using them forever. I started using this app for infertility, and then I got pregnant with twins! This helped with my whole journey, and I’m now in my 4th trimester. This was great during Covid too. There are so many options that I have to actually put it down because I’m addicted. Please mamas, just give it a try. 

P.s I got my stubborn husband hooked with the bedtime ones for his insomnia. I LOVE this app! It is so thoughtfully put together. You can tell the women behind the app have experience in mindfulness and thoughtfulness and of course motherhood! They cover so many phases of motherhood (infertility, planning stage, pregnancy, loss, and postpartum from infancy to adult children). I really like the personalization of the app you can record your own mantras and mediations but honestly one of my FAVORITE features is that you can change the background photos to be from your own camera roll! I love when I log in to do a meditation and the background photo that pops up is one of my favorite pictures with me and my daughter. Thank you so so so much for making this app a reality! You can feel every ounce of care, intuition, love and warmth Terra and her team put into creating this app. It has been a true saving grace for both postpartum and throughout the coronavirus pandemic. I was diagnosed with PPD right before the app released and was counting down the days until it launched. It has not disappointed. The breathing exercises, the affirmations and the meditations have been helping me pause daily, giving me more time to come back to myself, and making a real difference for both me and my family. I feel empowered to respond vs. react — something that can feel incredibly challenging in the current state of affairs. I’m incredibly grateful to this app and it’s creators for taking care of the mamas in the world. This app has truly changed my life and my perspective of motherhood. I am so eternally grateful for the daily sips, the support lessons, and the daily affirmation emails. It truly helps remind me to pause even when everything is overwhelming and redirects my energy and my thoughts toward a growth mindset rather than getting stuck in a funk over something silly in my day. I have my phone alarm set to 11:11 everyday and it’s the time I take 5 minutes for myself and I look forward to it everyday. It’s allowed me to create a safe space even just for 5 minutes for self-care. To the creators - thank you, thank you, thank you! I tried the trial and was going to cancel before I got charged the year subscription (as a momma of 4, I have a very hard time indulging for myself Ever). I was able to get refund but Alyssa who is head of customer support reached out to me and said they didn’t want financial restraints to ever be a factor someone can’t enjoy the app… they gave a free year. As someone who recently just lost there last baby to stillborn at full term, this app is helping me get back to being myself and also take time out of my day to focus on myself and teaching me it’s okay to prioritize Myself. Thank you for this app, it’s beautifully made 🧡 The app is beautiful in every way. I have tried so many different meditation apps and never really stuck with them. Being a new mom, I yearned for specific mindfulness practices that had motherhood as it’s focus. Lo and behold I found Mindful Mamas. This community is everything I could have hoped for and more. Carina has a calming, peaceful voice, and the mantras at the end of the meditations are perfectly uplifting and just what I need. I look forward to practicing every day and know this is something I’ll continue to use. The team is also so kind and quick to reply. Can’t praise or thank them enough! <3 Would recommend to every mama I know! So I got this app through The Bump app & have a free trial for a month. I’m not even halfway through the month and I already know I’m going to be talking my husband into letting me buy it once my free trial is up! I’m pregnant for the first time and have been having trouble sleeping. The first night I tried the Sleep Like A Mama Bear and man that title could not be more right! I slept sooo good that night! I’ve never been one to mediate, so this is all new to me but it’s so easy and useful that I feel like a pro already!! Thank you Mindful Mamas for creating this! You have helped me as I’m sure you’ve helped many others through some trying times! 💜 This app has seriously been everything to me. I am a momma of a 4-year-old boy, and I can’t express how helpful this has been for motherhood, especially me being a new momma. I use it to help me sleep after a long day, or even if I’m having trouble sleeping in the middle of the night. I use it calm anxiety when it flares up, especially when I feel overworked with my little man. Her voice is the most calming voice your ears will ever hear. I’ve learned to breathe more throughout the day because of this. I am so grateful to have this mindful ally in my pocket and at my convenience. Thank you MindfulMomas, you have an official subscriber. ❤️ I stumbled upon this app when struggling with anxiety at the beginning of my current pregnancy, after waiting 6 years for the right time to have a second child, and then after several miscarriages. I am now 14 weeks and this app has helped me to not feel alone, to understand my fears and feelings better, and to allow myself to self-care and self-love through a tough time. I’m feeling like it’s allowing me to connect with this current pregnancy even though I’m afraid. I’m so grateful that other mamas saw a need for this and brought it to life! So many mamas need this love and support! Thank you💜 This App was a life line when I had my first child during the pandemic and in the middle of grad school. I was lonely and struggled with postpartum depression, and didn’t feel like a mom, let alone a good one. As a student I couldn’t yet afford a subscription, and the developers gave me the gift of using the app when I needed it most. This app helped me stay grounded in very tough times, gave me a community, and affirmed my new identity as a mom. It was a instrumental part of my postpartum journey. The postpartum series of meditations was specifically helpful. I will always be grateful. This app is fantastic. I like how there are quick daily meditations to get me started as well as sections for specific areas I may want to work on (sleep, anxiety, not being so hard on myself…). Also, I LOVE that this app has a section for pregnancy, LABOR, and every stage of motherhood thereafter. I practiced the labor meditations while I was pregnant and I’m glad I did! I have a new baby and older kids so it’s wonderful to be able to go over to whichever age my child is to get some help in my struggles for the stage. I ask that they add MORE labor mediations. Thank you! My transformation into motherhood has been trialing, at best. It evolved from extreme joy to paralyzing fear, manic highs and debilitating lows, a bipolar diagnosis, our family almost splitting, a heroic recovery, reuniting, lots of therapy and massively rediscovering myself. 
The resource this app provides is a consistent support when, how and what you need, when you need it. A friend isn’t available, but this is. 
We are all doing our best as best we can, remembering this is key to taking on all the newness with grace and patience. ‘You got this mama’ and this app has You. I had baby #3 last December. With 2 other kids at home, I always felt like I wasn’t enough for all of them. That other moms had it all figured out and I was the one who just couldn’t do it. Then someone recommended this app to me and I immediately felt valued. The daily sip has changed my outlook. The emails come at just the right time, again making me feel valued. Important. That I matter. I highly recommend getting this app for every mama, whether you have 1 baby or 5.  Absolutely worth it. This is THE best app for moms. It’s been such a stress relief using this mindfulness app. You pick the best timing to take a mental break and you can work it into your schedule whenever you have a moment. There’s whole sections tailored for whatever you are at, like if you are trying to get pregnant or already blessed. There’s even some guided meditations for kids that you do alongside with them. Mindful Mamas has been an amazing support, resource, and network that I have been able to rely on. I don’t know how to articulate how much I love this app! First, just aesthetically, the app is BEAUTIFUL, organized, and easy to navigate. As for the content, just WOW. There are SO many options that meet the needs of mamas and kids in all stages of life! I LOVE the meditations to do together with my little ones - they’re calming and fun! The rainforest visualization for myself was so powerful and moving. I cannot wait to explore all that this app has to offer!! I’m so very grateful for the creators of this tool - I can feel the purity of heart and the vulnerability they put into creating this. THANK YOU!!! The perfect meditation app for moms. Encouragement, positivity, wisdom, peace. In every meditation, mini pause, mantra, and breath. I love the visualizations, the questions that lead me to personal growth, and the love and truth found here. Could not recommend this app more — it’s my daily companion and has helped me learn the art of being present with my baby. I notice small details about her I otherwise would miss. I really tune into her, and each day I find magic. Thanks to Mindful Mamas! I only used the free trial, and have not used it much. The positives of this app are learning mindfulness, which helps your emotional and spiritual health, getting daily emails with some great tips, there’s a good amount of content for free, and the fact that it’s specifically for moms and moms-to-be.
My negatives were too much story before a meditation (which may be a plus for some, but I prefer to get right to it) and needing to pay for more content, especially at a subscription cost. But it’s understandable, since there are no ads, and they need to make money somehow. When I came across this app, I felt INSTANT GRATIFICATION! Setting up my account was quick and easy, I started checking out all the different tabs and pages. Seeing what the app offers to us Mamas is amazing I almost cried. What I was able to access with the free version has lifted my spirits this morning and I'm ready to take on the day with my babies. I needed “Mindful Mamas” in my life and I know I'll become a better Mama/Human being because of it.

From the bottom of my heart, Thank you so very much for the amount of love and care you poured into this app. I'm forever grateful!❤️

I would have rated 5 stars however, there isn't a lot I'm able to access without purchasing. hopefully, I'll be able to soon but I barely purchase things for myself which a lot of moms don't. 
I'm looking forward to seeing this app grow and be used by every Mama out there! I love the concept of your app and the intention behind it. I’m not even mad about the pricing and subscription. But what about “other” kinds of moms. As a bonus mom (step mom) I need more mindfulness about my role in my bonus kids life. Not trying to be their mom, but having a relationship with them independently of their dad and their mom. Dealing with stresses of this role, the sudden demand of being a parent and many other things for a “new first time mom” to kids overnight. I’m sure this can also be applied to adoptive moms, foster moms, moms in same sex relationships, grandparents as moms and so many more. Think about it… I find myself reaching for this app when I’m having a rough day and need some extra love or when I need to get grounded and shift my perspective. I always leave this app with a feeling of gratitude. My favorites right now are the Rainforest Peace (so incredible!) and Sleep like a Mama Bear guided meditations.  I am a momma of two young children- and find this extremely helpful in my day to day but I think this app would be helpful for everyone (not just moms) because there is so much information on mindfulness and how to incorporate it into your life. This is such a wonderful and beautiful app. It has helped me so much to stay grounded and calm through this pandemic while needing to be a single mom to my toddler and working almost full time, while my husband stays separately from us while on the front lines as a doctor. The biggest gift has been the gratitude meditations which have opened up a whole new way of viewing my role and approach as a mother, and I think will be a permanent beautiful change in my relationship with my son. Thank you so much. This app has saved my sanity. And my heart. Full of compassion, care, and guidance, I use this app *every day* as a first time mama. It helps me pause and refuel. It reminds me to care for myself in ways I would never think of when my brain is fried and running on empty. My little one is nine months old now and I can’t imagine a part of this motherhood journey when I won’t continue to use this app for support and helping me find my own inner strength. Thank you, Mindful Mamas, for helping me find and care for the mama in me!! I’ve struggled with anxiety for years now. I’m pregnant with our first and the stress of pregnancy during the time of the pandemic was driving my anxiety through the roof. I downloaded this app the day it came out, and it has literally changed my life. I feel at peace the majority of the time and I now have tools to deal with anxious feelings that come up. I’ve been singing its praises and sharing with everyone I know because this app has made me a new person! With all that’s going on in the world, the timing of this App could not be more perfect. I am a mama of two toddlers and expecting my 3rd any day. We have been quarantined in Minnesota while I work from home and my husband takes classes from home. I am a certified HyonoBirthing instructor and find the guided mediations in this app to be just INCREDIBLE. They are so relevant and effective. I know this App and all the tools that it provides will be hugely helpful to all mamas in the best of times and the worst of times. My spouse loves this app, so I wanted to give some love and write a review about it too. I see her in the kitchen when she’s cooking and can tell when she’s listening to mantras or mediations from this app- her face and body just beam with contentment. I listened to one of the yoga nidras with her before bed the other night and don’t even remember falling asleep. I felt so relaxed as I dreamed of my creating a life that my family and I deserve. Thank you for making my babe happy, it benefits all of us :) I’d prefer to read rather than listen. The reader voices all sound the same. Need more voices from women of color and ethnic backgrounds. There should be more opportunities to read information than listen. When I have time to do this is when baby is asleep and I’m definitely not going to disturb his rest by playing a recording. And using headphones is just another thing I’d have to remember. I also read faster than the recoding speaks. For those who prefer to listen at a faster pace, there should be an option to speed up the recording. For these reasons I am ending the subscription since it isn’t useful for my needs. Good luck to all rhe mommas! I can’t express enough how helpful this is for new mothers. Each mini pause is so thoughtful and easily digestible- even for the busiest of people. With all of the new changes in my house right now I feel like I’m always needing something new from this app and it always has my back. Kids woke you up 6x and you’re about to lose your cool? They’ve got you. Overwhelmed with all the chores around house? Grab your scrubber and listen in. This is the trusted girl friend that we all need in motherhood. So many great things to say about this app!  I love that I can open it quickly and do a session when I’m overwhelmed with the kids or just need a few quiet minutes to myself. But here’s really why I felt in love with it. At the end of March I was blindsided by a breast cancer diagnosis, which resulted in more anxious thoughts and feeling defeated by all of the “what ifs”. Mindful Mamas has helped me SO much in the waiting rooms before doctor’s appointments and scans, pre surgery, and during recovery. Thank you! As a mom of four young kids with a demanding job, stress and insomnia can get the best of me. I don’t have much extra time but this app has given me bite size nuggets of mindfulness that feel doable - not like another thing on my to-do list. The narrators angelic voice soothes me to sleep,  and I also love that even though it’s on a “screen” it truly feels like a calming sanctuary just for moms. If any mamas are looking for relaxation so they can focus on what matters most - this is the app to do just that. 💫 Thanks to this tender hearted app I am regaining patience and calm. Wonderful features, content and options. I am learning how to meditate in more manageable and relevant ways. My favorite right now is the Bumble Bee Breathe and Sleep like a Mama Bear. It helps me when my body goes into overwhelm from trauma flashbacks or stress. So this really is an all encompassing app. Everything from daily mediations, breathing exercises, mantras, and meditations w kids. And the women behind the app are very kind and inclusive when I emailed them. Much gratitude to Mindful Mamas. The mama-specific meditations and mantras in this app are exactly what I find myself needing to hear throughout the many stages and challenges of motherhood. Especially now during these isolating times, I feel understood, not alone, and hopeful. I want to thank the minds behind this app for helping me find some peace, self worth, and the ability to enjoy moments of my day again. Whenever I feel like I’m really struggling, it’s comforting to know I have such an amazing resource at my fingertips. This app has been a real life changer for me. The app is beautiful, well organized and so easy to use. The content is geared towards motherhood, not only giving much needed validation to struggles moms face but also tools to find the patience, beauty, joy and peace in motherhood as well. There is a FB group you can join as well where you can connect with other moms and the founders and staff of MM who are amazing! You will instantly feel the genuine care and love that’s put into every detail. As many mothers do, sometimes I fall off the wagon of caring for myself. I forget about my own needs in favor of others. Mindful Mamas is always there when I remember to show up for myself. In a world where mothers are expected to put themselves last, Mindful Mamas puts them first, always. The team behind this app is incredible. They are doing hard work for this underappreciated population of moms. They really care. As a first time Mom, Postpartum has been filled with all of the emotions! I really love this app as it’s helped me get grounded when I needed it the most. I really love the Breastfeeding category as it’s truly helped me navigate through the mental and physical challenges that I’ve faced in the early weeks of nursing. As a meditation teacher myself, I can honestly say that these meditations are the best of the best. Nice app. No technical problems and the content is good. As a person who struggles with anxiety daily I appreciate it a lot. I just wish there were more affirmations and afromations. It seems solutions/problem based for anxiety. And some days I got good days and want to build on that rather than trying to “fix” a mindset or something. I do appreciate that you can record your own mindful moments and affirmations so that’s been the focus of mine to help balance their focus on supporting bad days. The first time I opened this app and listened to the Welcome message, I literally wept with relief. To feel so supported and understood, to feel validated about just how all-consuming and overwhelming being a mother is, meant the world to me.
I haven’t incorporated as many of the teachings of this app as I would like to yet, but every session helps. Every little bit helps. And honestly, just to know that someone cares enough to make this beautiful, uplifting app, that helps too. The creators of this app really understand what moms need to stay mindful in their parenting day to day. I love that there are short meditations for busy moms and quick breath practices or a powerful mantra pick-me-up for when we can’t go hide alone for even a few minutes. It’s so simple for those new to mindfulness and meditation, and just as powerful for those of us that have been practicing. It’s got something for every kind of mom! Absolutely love it!!! With 2 children under 2, I have been having a hard time finding myself. I gave this app a shot and could not be more pleased! It is so refreshing, positive, and mindful. It helps me feel centered, relaxed, and let’s me know that even on the tough days- I am a good mom. It helps center me to find the small moments of peace and embrace them. The company is so supportive and genuine of all Moms and I am so happy I came across this app! If only this was around during my first pregnancy and postpartum. We had very PPD and this would have made a world of difference in my mindset. But now my life has had some very stressful things happen and my anxiety has been through the roof. I decided to try out the app last night, and it was everything I needed and more. I cried. I smiled. I let go of stress. I calmed my stress and anxiety. Thank you! You are changing mama’s lives. This app really knows mothers and hits the nail on the head by including thoughtful guidance on everything from difficult emotions like guilt and shame to the intricacies of each motherhood stage to cultivating gratitude and acceptance. The meditations are not only supportive emotionally, but they also provide background information that’s very helpful intellectually. This app truly is unique; as a yoga teacher and postpartum educator, I know there’s nothing quite this far-reaching and comprehensive out there. I’m guilty of having days where I feel like I’ve completely lost it but this app reminds me that it’s normal. That to be mindful is not perfection. I’m learning to be more forgiving of myself in the more difficult times of motherhood. I know I’m a good mom but it helps to take 5 minutes to reflect and be reminded that tomorrow is a new day full of new opportunities and I’ve got this. Great for expectant or first time mamas as well as those who already have little ones. This app is helping me get through the tough newborn days! It’s more helpful than therapy for me and I use it multiple times a day. Love the sleep meditations and the mantras. The content is specific to what I’m experiencing in the chaos of mamahood and it feels so good to be heard and validated. Can’t recommend this app enough to any mamas out there! I love this App!  My wife and I have two boys, one 3 and one 7.  We both work full time and oftentimes struggle with becoming overwhelmed.  My wife absolutely raves about this app and uses it on a daily basis.  I’ve definitely noticed a positive change in the amount of patience she has with our boys, and with me.  We also put on some of the guided meditations to fall asleep to and I love it.  I fall asleep so much faster and easier.  Thank you Mindful Mammas! Recently someone asked me what my favorite product for moms was. I said the Mindful Mamas app. I am a mom of a 2 and 4 year old. I didn’t suffer from postpartum depression, but I do struggle with being confident in my parenting daily. This app brings me confidence, allows me to step away and meditate for even just 2 mins, provides me with self-care and allows me to involve my kids in meditating with me (or at least attempting too). I absolutely love this app. Thank you! Weather you are trying to become a mom, a new mom, a middle of the road mom, a teenage mom, a veteran mom, or a grandma this app will help you find the center of yourself! Negative thoughts and outside influence can lead our minds else where. Our own minds can get us lost in dark places and cause us to miss little moments that matter big. This app will help you learn to breath and re center your mind and your heart. It’s a must have for life. I cant recommend this tool enough for any mother Struggling with the day to day of overwhelm, exhaustion, burnout, anxiety or other symptoms of chronic stress. I’ve tried headspace in the past but just never took to it. The content here is just so spot on and relatable to what mothers are going through. Not to mention calming. Finally a tool targeting women and specifically the challenges that go along with motherhood. So needed!! I was expecting more practical advice for the trauma involved with the 4th trimester. I wanted to know more about what was going on within my body physically and how to navigate through it. I think this app is amazing for those needing wellness for anxiety and depression but being a new mom is so much bigger than that. Health care providers are not very good at taking care of moms post delivery and I’m looking for an app that can really help fill that void. I bought this app for half off when they had a deal going on. So thankful for the sale but I would buy it at full price. I had postpartum depression with my second. This was so helpful to listen to. So thankful for the daily meditations. They are all less than 10 minutes and so doable. So thankful some one thought of us busy momma’s. Love all the courses they have. So grateful!!!! I love this app because it makes meditation so easy to get into. It gives me clarity and helps me calm my nerves. The daily sips are great, giving me a quick pick me up to start my day. There’s also an affirmations section that helps set my mood and reminds me that I matter. I highly recommend giving Mindful Mamas a try. There’s something for every kind of mama out there. I love this app! the woman who created it put her heart into it and you can feel it! this app is changing my world I have a severe panic disorder and a 2 year old what a combination lol this app has helped my days get back on track and is helping me to grow in so many ways In fact my husband has complemented me on my mindset lately and my therapist said he has noticed a change! Now that’s saying something! I like that the meditation are quick and in each one they have an affirmation. I’ve noticed a positive change in my parenting since getting this app! The emails are one of my favorites, too. The best part of the app, it’s organized and at the end of each meditation they end with, “you matter mama, see you here tomorrow”. Those words alone 😭🙌🏼 Wouldn’t it be so amazing if every obgyn practice, midwife, doula, birthing center recommended this app for your mental health and well being during this journey!? I most definitely would recommend this app to all women who want to launch into motherhood. Mindfulness, even if you aren’t great at it, is such a great practice especially during this time. Give it a try at least, what do you have to lose? This app is everything I needed mentally through postpartum as a first time mom and will continue using throughout motherhood! From the daily small meditations that remind you to breathe and just be, to the longer meditations and community to lean on when you’re in the thick of it. Mindful Mamas is helping me “get my pink back” by reminding me motherhood is a tough journey, but a beautiful and amazing one! This app has been so helpful for me as the mom of a baby and a toddler. Finding a moment for myself can be difficult, but this app has so many options and varying lengths of practice that I am able to practice mindfulness even when I only have a couple minutes to myself and truly helped me be a better mom! i have used a few different mindfulness apps and this one is far and away the best. it actually teaches you how to meditate step by step. other apps feel like they just throw you in. this app is also perfect for women at all stages of life and has amazing meditations for each stage. the mama and me meditations are especially helpful for calming my kiddos when the day gets stressful for everyone. my kids love it! this app also has super short meditations that can be fit into any pocket of alone time i can squeeze in, like bathroom breaks, my morning cup of coffee, even hugs with my babies. i cannot sing this apps praises enough. and knowing it is run by an amazing team of women makes it even better! I found this app during the COVID lockdown years and I’m so glad that it led me to incorporate meditation into my life. I like that most recordings are only 5 minutes and they address different aspects of parenthood and womanhood. I try to sit alone with one to start the day a few times a week and it helps kick the day off right. Thank you!! This app is so beautifully designed and easy to use. You can find anything you might need to meditate, relax, find calm, find joy and gratitude, or center yourself. You can find anything quick activities, breathing techniques to longer meditations. And the meditations! They are so beautiful. You will find yourself so calm and relaxed listening to these. I hope everyone enjoys this app as much as I do!!! I have a graduate certificate in mindfulness and teach first grade......This is the app I would create if even the opportunity. Beautifully organized, clear and simple for beginners, yet also great quick reminders for the experienced to stay fresh and in the moment. I’ve shared with several of my mama friends and teachers! I love that the content is geared towards Mamas. There is always a meditation that speaks to me exactly when I need it. I love that they are all about 10 min. It makes it so much easier for me to fit into my day and because of that I am able to mediate most days which is incredible for my mental well being. The app is so easy to move through and it doesn’t even really feel like an app, more just like a nice little personal haven. We are trying to conceive and I’ve definitely had anxiety around it all and having something to help remind me consistently to be present and grounded and actually help get me there is amazing. Hello I saw and heard about this app through instagram and downloaded the app already made an account with them and did one session for myself and it was great will continue using this app and I highly recommend it for any mom who goes through a lot and has kids also or any person or mom I cannot rave enough about the benefits of mindful mamas ! You can feel the love they put into it with every use . I love that there are different selections for every time of day, every feeling and any amount of time. This app helps you feel connected, strong and understood. It’s like a warm hug right at your fingertips, when you need it most. There are a ton of meditation Apps out there. This one blows the rest out of the water. I am not a mama yet, but one day I plan to be, so I bought it anyway. This app does not disappoint. I love how easy it is to navigate and the guided mediations are eye opening. I am very happy with this purchase and bought two more for friends! I’ve been a subscriber for 2 years but this will be my last year. For the price I don’t think it’s worth it with other free options out there or using peloton meditation which I already pay for. The Daily Sip has been my favorite and mainstay but this weekend, Labor Day weekend, none of the daily meditations were added. Disappointing. This app is so validating. It makes me feel less alone. It teaches me how to get through the hard things and also teaches me how notice the good things too. A lot of times I listen to the app and didn’t even know I needed to hear what they are saying until they say. All moms need this app. Knowing there is a whole app dedicated to moms means that there are an endless amount of moms out there looking for what I’m looking for, experiencing a similar process to mine. 10 minutes of guided mindfulness (that is specifically for moms) has made a big difference for me. And I love the mantras at the end of each one. I paid for my subscription and it never ended up working in the app. I emailed them for help over a week ago and still haven’t heard anything back.

Update: They were very helpful with my issue and very responsive. This is a great app to use daily. The aesthetic is very calming and the meditations I feel I can apply to my daily life. As a mother of four grown children I can say I've lived through almost everything and anything a mother could! While I haven’t spent too much time on Mindful Momas yet, I can say that I love the way this app is designed. The meditations and mantras I've tried were all very well orchestrated.  I am looking forward to continuing using this mindfulness tool. Thank you! Can not say enough wonderful things about this app. It’s everything a mama needs. From the calming voice of the guide, to the various types of content, to the beautiful graphic design work, this app. Is life changing and saving. No mama should go without this app. And to think it’ll only get bigger and better from here?!? Woah! This app is so so great! The meditations are so relevant to motherhood and so easy to fit into your day. There is a variety of lengths and is customizable to where you are in your mothering journey. Their customer service is also absolutely incredible, the truly care about their customers and really go above and beyond It’s an awesome app. I love how it’s tailored to me specifically as a mom. All the different meditation apps do something a little bit different and this app is no exception. It’s beautifully designed and I feel so good at the end of each one, no matter which I choose. The team behind the scenes seem amazing and they are ambitious! Love feeling apart of it all. I don’t mean to make jokes, but this app was procured when I realized I’d be working full time and home schooling two kids due to coronavirus. 

I have been able to take ‘mini pauses’ to reset when I’m about to lose it. And remind myself in a few short minutes to be patient and more importantly present. I had a free trial and didn’t cancel in time. I was therefore forced to pay for a yearly subscription. I’ve used a few meditation apps and this one is subpar. There are lots of silence in the meditation and I would prefer some background noise. Often due to the silence, I have to check and see if the app is still working. This leaves me frustrated instead of calm. 

This app is the same price a year as the Calm app. The Calm app is 1,000 times better. This app should be $20 a year not $70. Overall it’s very disappointing. This app has been the most amazing gift I have given myself in a long time. It is so beautifully designed and far exceeded my expectations. It has been a constant source of light and love in my life. It has become my safe haven and where I turn when life and emotions start to overwhelm. I love this app so much! Love the look of it, the voice, the length of the breathing and meditations, and that you can choose your background sound. My only complaint is that the breathing practices end so abruptly. It would be much more relaxing if the background noise (ocean for example) slowly faded out, instead of just being immediately cut off. This app is a MUST HAVE for any mom, soon to be mom, ttc mom, whatever! It’s a part of my daily routine now and I’m so so happy I have this. Gift this as a baby shower gift and you’re going to make a mama so happy! This has brought me so much peace and calmness when I’m having a bad day, and gives me motivation when I’m having a good day. I can not recommend this app more! This is a good app. I would love if there was a search feature though. My mom brain will happen upon a topic that sounds meaningful to me but I can’t listen right then. When I find the time, I can no longer remember where I found the topic… Please add this feature. When I was newly postpartum this app saved me! I told all my healthcare providers about it too and they agreed that it sounded like the perfect companion for a new mom. In those early days with the emotional ups and downs due to hormone fluctuations - having this app was hands down the best thing for me. 
This app, a cup of lactation promoting tea, and a warm blanket was the best. Thank you for creating this app. It’s a daily go to for me. I love the sleep meditations, the fact that I can record my own library of mantras and how educational it is. I’ve learned so much about how my brain and body work throughout motherhood and life. Wish I could give it 10 stars. I am really growing from using the Mindful Mamas app! It is everything I needed as a mom! It really helps me to take time for myself and to breathe! It also helps me to show up for children at my fullest capacity! Thank you Mindful Mamas for caring about all of us moms out here that needed this app ❤️ When I became a mom I had been meditating for many years and it always blissed me out. One our wonderful bundle of joy arrived I needed support to find a new footing for my self love and care practice while loving and caring for a baby. It has helped me find my center. Thank you! 😊 This app is wonderful. I never pay for apps but this one is different. I learned so many helpful tips about my brain, my body, my nervous system, and more. I love the mini pause section too. Being able to do quick mindfulness activities even when my kids are around has been a game changer. This app is so beautiful and I especially love the feature that allows you to record your own voice. It’s so important to take a few minutes to myself when I can and this app makes it easy! Also I love how pretty it is. Silly I know, but it makes a difference! As a meditation teacher myself, my radar for high quality and healing meditations is extremely high. That’s exactly what the Mindful Mamas app provides. The attention to detail within the meditations themselves, curation of themes and exquisite way they cater to Mamas is just beautiful. Soothing, supportive and making meditation to Moms so accessible. Highly, highly recommend this app! I found this app by chance and it has changed my life. The mamas who started this company are true geniuses. There is always exactly what I need to find some calm in all the crazy that is motherhood. Images are fantastic, content is relatable and powerful and the community Facebook page is a wonderful add on to the experience. Mindful mama’s is a lot more than just an app. They really do care for each and everyone of us and let us know we are not alone! I encourage every single mama to at least try. It takes time to be mindful and this app helps.  Love y’all mindful mamas and thanks for the support. YOU ARE NOT ALONE. This app is the perfect mindfulness app! I love that there are so many practices and that at about 10 minutes each, I can easily fit them into my day. I’ve used the practices on my own, with my preschooler, with my toddler and even when I was in labor. I absolutely love this app! I love being able to be guided through calming techniques when I’m super anxious, frustrated with myself or my kids and stressed. The breathing techniques are my favorite and as I’m preparing to give birth in a couple months I’ve been using these calming strategies to help me stay healthy mentally and focused for birth as well. I found Mindful Mamas randomly and am so grateful I did. Over the last year I experienced depths of emotions that I never would have imagined and the meditations on this app has given me tools to cope and work towards being the mama I want to be. This app has quickly become an essential part of my day. I use it to start my day peacefully, for a mid day pick me up, pausing to set intentions, and to help me calm my mind and wind down for the day. I’ve been so grateful to have this mindful virtual support that helps me in any given moment! Friends, I cannot say enough how great this app is, and how HUMAN the folks are who run it. This is community, real people showing up for real people. This is what seeing someone and meeting them where they are at is all about. This is the real deal. Thank you. Motherhood is stressful! This app has helped me find ways to relax in the little time that I have and supported my growth into the mother I want to be. Plus, their team is really focused on providing what mamas need to be there best. They listen and are truly committed to supporting their users. This app has helped me cope and heal from my postpartum depression and anxiety. In the past I struggled to connect with a mindfulness practice until this app! I find it easy to devote 10 min to a guided meditation. There is a meditation for literally every emotion and has helped normalize the ups and downs of motherhood. I highly recommend! You’ll receive your healthy daily sip here on Mindful Mamas. Super relaxing, wise advice and comforting emails. The words of encouragement go beyond helping at least ONE mama. Best app to keep our heads held high while juggling a job of a lifetime!!! Thank you thank you thank you!!! I am loving this app so much. The guided meditations and visualizations are so helpful and beautifully done. As a mama,  I NEED something quick and accessible to help me ground and there are too many helpful options to mention. The Mindful Mama app has becoMe my go-to, first choice for mindfulness and meditation. this app has helped me tremendously through my postpartum ups and downs in ways i can’t describe. the app touches on so many emotions and scenarios you might encounter during any stage of being a mom, whether you are newly pregnant or have a few kiddos already. it has helped me with my anxiety and sleep, and letting go and relaxing and trusting that i am doing the best i can everyday. i love the parting mantras after guided sessions, those are on repeat in my head even after i have finished a session. thank you to the two mamas who created this! I love this meditation app! I am not the type to leave reviews for things and I have tried other mediation apps in the past. This app is amazing for moms and women who are trying to conceive. As someone who suffers from anxiety and PPD I can say the mediations and support from the mindful mamas community is truly amazing! I love this app. It has helped reduce my new mom stress and anxiety. I really appreciate being able to listen to a guided meditation whenever I find the time or use the guided breathing when I get overwhelmed. It has helped me be more patient with my daughter and husband. I recommend it to all mothers! This app is like a virtual sanctuary. The tools available within this space are incredible plus Terra has created an amazing community via her Mindful Mamas Instagram & email list. Truly provides you with the love & mental / emotional nourishment a mama needs. I love it! This app has been an absolute wonderful addition to my meditation practices. I appreciate that there are targeted meditations for any stage of mamahood. The app is beautiful and easy to use, Carina’s voice is soothing, and the meditations leave me feeling seen, held, and heard. I am constantly recommending this app to all mamas and mamas-to-be! I have been telling all my mom friends about this app, because I truly think it has the potential to be life altering.  I have already seen ways that it has brought awareness to my patterns of thinking, and I am so grateful. I am really enjoying this app. It’s been helping me with being more aware of what I am feeling, my triggers and helping me meditate and breath through it all. I’m new to this app but I’m so in love with it already. I recommend this app to all Momma’s. I love this app. I’m not great with mindfulness, but this app makes it easy and convenient to fit into a busy mom schedule! The meditations are perfect—so empathetic and understanding, but encouraging all at the same time! And there’s something for everyone! Absolutely worth the money. Short “mom friendly” pick me ups throughout the day, whether I have 1 minute or an hour, gives me the pick me up and calm I need to keep moving. I’d consider this app my souls very own cup of coffee whenever I need a dose of encouragement, peace or presence. Love this app I purchased a year subscription and in the first week felt I already got my money’s worth and then some! It’s been a lifesaver on my motherhood journey. Light & love in an app! Designed by people who truly care! I’ve been searching for something. Don’t know what it is. But this app, within the first five minute meditation, I’m about it. Thank you for creating something so amazing. Wish I could schedule the push notifications. Love the Daily Sips, but also wish the daily meditation would arrive when I am starting my day at 5:30AM. I’m not a mom yet and I’m new to meditation. Unlike other mindfulness apps, this one is not intimidating and it has something for everyone. The app itself is beautiful and I’m really enjoying the beginner meditation series and exploring the breathing exercises. This app has been game changing. I feel so supported and like this app was made for me. You can tell a lot of love went into making this and I’ll support this company forever! Sometimes we all just need a little break, encouragement, and help! This app is all those things in one for me. Especially since I’m in the early years of parenting. Thank you Terra, Carina, and team for this amazing motherhood tool! This app is just what I have been looking for since becoming a mom. It literally allows you to breath a breath of fresh air. I’m so proud of the mamas who made this app. If your looking for support and love and to not feel alone in motherhood this app is for you! Since introducing this app to my group, I have heard so many positive things. What an awesome way to help amazing moms get the relaxation they deserve! Even though my own baby is 16 years old now, I personally love the nighttime stories!♥️ I never did Mindfulness before this and I just have to say i will never go back to the old me. Thank you for whoever created this. It has seriously changed my outlook. I use it everyday when I wake up. 💜❤️ I love this app! It’s very easy to navigate and full of so many great resources. I’m a mom of two and have very little time to relax, but this app has given me moments of peace throughout my day, which is priceless. Highly recommend!! After the first meditation, I had to sit on the floor and cry. I felt so understood. This is the first time I’ve really just been able to feel like mothers like me are seen and someone is out there for me. Thank you, Mindful Mamas, for giving me a few more tools in my toolbox. For inviting me into the community. For supporting me through motherhood. For validating my experiences and for reminding me I’m not alone. I have absolutely loved this app and everything it stands for. Created by such a powerful, caring, and brilliant team, this app has changed my life. I cannot say enough good things about it. Amazing features & amazing quality. This app is everything I never knew I needed as a mom. This is a space where I can carve out a little me time for the day. I always leave this app feeling refreshed and like I can take on a little more. Absolutely love! This app saved my life. I love my therapist but this is an app I use daily and teaches me so much in such a short amount of time. I wish I knew about this app sooner! I don’t usually post reviews, but this app is incredible. I have struggled trying to learn how to meditate, and this makes it easy to experiment and learn. I love that the messaging is made just for me as a new mom. Amazing! I’m a mama of three girls and hubby is a police officer. This app has been a god send since the coronavirus outbreak and as well as Nashville, where I am, dealing with after affects from the tornado the beginning of the month. Terra you’ve created something amazing! I love this app and it has everything I need and has become essential to my daily peace but very disappointed because it glitches out almost every time or doesn’t even open most of the time. I got an intuitive download that I needed this app. I am 3 months post partum. The first meditation I did had me in tears. I got to release so much on my heart. Thank you thank you so much. I’ve been enjoying the app for the past few months and hoping to turn my clients to it as well for labor, delivery, and postpartum days! This app truly “gets” me in ways that no one else does. I click on a specific meditation and it puts into words what I’m feeling and then helps me process/deal with it. 

I only wish it had MORE! I stumbled onto this app at a perfect time.  It has helped me come to a more calm place in my life and I’m learning to use mindfulness daily in the process.  The calming short meditations fit perfectly into my busy schedule. You will not find a better group of supportive, caring and responsive women than those behind this app. It’s literally like having your own support group just one click away. I’m not the type of person who usually reviews apps but this has been a tremendous resource for me postpartum. Highly recommend. I had a free trial and I would like to cancel my subscription.  However, the due date was today but I saw the app charged me for this already. Please issue a refund as this app isn’t too helpful.  I don’t want to purchase and wish there would have been an automatic reminder or that I could opt out of the renewal.  Thanks. This app has given me the “mommy minutes” that I have needed throughout my day. With a toddler and one on the way, I seriously love how mindful mamas has helped me become more present and be a better mama. Fantastic app. Really helps when you feel like you are the only one going through a. Challenging time. Thanks I adore this app. During this COVID19 pandemic, I find myself turning to these meditations and affirmations in order to combat my anxiety over the things I cannot control. I highly recommend it to fellow mamas ❤️🥰 This app has been a fantastic breath of fresh air in the midst of a very chaotic life. 
So much content, and so many different categories to fit whatever the current need is. This app has come at the perfect time. It’s helping me stay calm, happy, and at peace during this crazy time of raising kids and teaching other people’s kids. Love it!!! Meditation has changed my life and to have this app tailored to moms is really wonderful and so needed. If I could give it 6 stars I would. I have a spirited little girl and this app is helping me raise a resilient, confident and empathetic little one. I feel like I’m becoming a better wife, friend and mom because of this app. Highly recommend it!!! This app has helped me so much! I use it in various times of my day, but definitely daily. It has helped me get ahold of my anxiety and enjoy my motherhood journey more. My 4 kids range in age from 12-20 and I’ve found so much that I love in this app!  I’ve tried a lot of mindfulness apps and this is my favorite! I’ve shared this app with my Mother, fiancé, Sisters and nieces, all who are mothers and all of which are gaining wonderful peace and calm from this app and community. Thanks for bringing this helpful resource into reality! I’m confused. I can simply go to Pinterest and type in “mindful meditations” and even be more specific than that and get hundreds of results... FOR FREE! $12 a month for what? I’m just so confused. I have two stars because the art is gorgeous and I can tell it’s a thought out app, but doesn’t seem worth the cost. So far this app has been so helpful as a new mom. It’s validated my feelings while helping me sleep. I highly recommend it. With so many resources to help us busy mamas calm our minds and reset, both during the day and at night? This app is a blessing for mothers! You WILL love it! I use this app and have referred many people to it. As a therapist, I’m always looking for good mindfulness tools to help support clients and this is the best of the best! This app has changed my life. It’s worth the price! This app has helped ease me into mindfulness. I love the themes and supportive quality of the meditations. Really a beautiful app. Thank you to those who created it. The developers of this app care about their users. Mindful Mama has helped me with my anxiety, mom guilt, mindfulness and self care. Love your app!  You speak right to me.  I love how you make it so us busy mommas only have to spare a couple minutes to get a whole lot!!! This app really helped me postpartum. It helped balance my mind and realize I’m not the only one who needed this! I like the sleep ones the best as they do help me relax, clear my mind and get to sleep faster. Whether you’re a beginner or experienced in mindfulness and meditation, this app is for you. I’m impressed with the beautiful imagery and easy to follow guides. I think the app is terrific. The voices are like ASMR to me. Some of the male voices on Headspace sound a little cocky. I always like signing off with “mama-“ that’s a nice touch. My therapist recommended this app and I truly enjoyed it. The 5 mins daily tips help me focus and decrease a bit of stress! Signed up for the trial, was supposed to get notified before getting charged but never received an notification. Emailed the company to resolve the issue and no one ever responded. I don’t feel like the app is worth $75/year for what they offer. It’s nice to be able to take a few moments for me. Mindful mamas could not have come out at a better time! Thank u for much needed support in this tough/anxious time. Looovr so much of this app. My only struggle is the bright white light that shines when I’m scrolling to get to the nighttime meditations. Make a dark mode please!!! Makes you feel like you are wrapped in a warm hug! Very helpful for personal development in a nurturing and supportive way. The description says free but when on the app asks for a subscription I can’t afford but really could use the app why does it say free in description but in the app I can’t do anything without a stupid subscription that’s not much help ❤️ The LaRock family This app is soo good! I love how I can do a quick meditation to recenter myself in between juggling kids, work and house 🤯 It’s a great FREE app! I’m surprised that there are so many guided meditations and affirmations for your whole day. It’s truly amazing This has helped me a lot with my inner peace and meditation I really loved this app but it stopped working today. I tried deleting the app and re-downloading it and it still won’t go past the log in screen. I’ll miss getting the affirmations. So thankful for this amazing app. It’s helped so much and it’s really affordable. Amazing content, I love that you can personalize it so much! I am loving this app but considering the topic…I cannot believe there is no dark mode! Awesome app. I am so glad I found it! App wont let me subscribe. Seems like a great app that I would love to experience however when I click subscribe it just loads and loads no matter what I do. Support? This app is the best! And the ladies who run it are incredibly nice! Absolutely worth it! Best app for moms! I tell everyone about it. This company clearer cares ♥️ Thoughtful and easy to use! I love this app but it’s not affordable. So sad :( You can only do like 3 things before paying. I love this app and it is so needed for moms! I never subscribed for the free trial and they started trying to charge my card 70$ Does not work at all