I love all the moms I get to connect with and learn from. I wish I had something like this when I was pregnant! I would definitely recommend! It has been such a pleasure having this companion app during my postpartum
journey. My only regret is that I didn’t know about it while I was pregnant. The expertise,
the community and the ability to meet in person with other Mamas has changed my postpartum and experience and I know it’s done the same for others. I ordered the subscription expecting to obtain access to a wealth of information and there are barely any postings and the few posts are years old. I sent a note to one of the experts days ago and it’s still not been answered and the 72 hour response time has long passed. I am glad I only did a month subscription so I only wasted $7!!! If these services are no longer being offered the subscription cost so be removed! Disappointing experience! I tried to get into this app but I don’t really get its usefulness. There’s barely any content (or maybe there is and you have to pay the $7.99 a month to see it?) But there are other free apps that provide way more information for free. Also, the overuse l of the word “Sis” chapped me. I thought it was cute at first but it’s in all the posts in the app and  every text message they send. Like I get it, it’s an app for WoC but it starts to feel corny. I love this app!  They have free events that are hosted by experts and weekly moments to help navigate my pregnancy.  I have been able to build community with other moms by attending events. I also love the support of the Mama Companions to help me set goals and enjoy my pregnancy. App has potential but I’ve been stuck on the loading screen for close to 1 minute. The loading screen should be less than 5 seconds. 

I’m getting push notifications so it seems like others may be on the app unless they’re auto triggered, or from others with WebApp access. 

I checked to see if I need to update but it seems like I have the latest version. I love being able to connect with other moms and getting a different point of view through difficult situations! This app has truly been amazing. I like this app, it’s been so useful being able to chat with real ppl about similar concerns or even things we may be going through as moms. It feels like a little community. I’ve been using the Wolomi app for a few weeks now and it’s been great connecting with amazing community of mamas. I’ve learn so much and it’s made me feel less alone during my pregnancy. 🤗 It’s so nice to be able to connect with mom‘s that are going through the same thing I am. Jessica has been an awesome resource and mama companion. Baby creation, human development, pre-natal, post-natal care is not easy. Having an app to guide you to community and  resources right at your fingertips is Wolomi. The Wolomi App is fantastic! It's help Black women who are pregnant learn maternal health education and build a community. The resources, and connection tools are trustworthy ans reliable. Just wanted to give a review. This is a awesome organization. Wanted to give Kudos to Jessica Foster for being a great resource and mama companion ! Thank you all for a job well done! Love how I can easily navigate the community and the weekly text alerts I’m receiving. Seems like a good idea but there's not really any content on the app. Not even basic helpful information. And the ask an expert section is charged which not everyone can afford The app is very easy to use with great content I love knowing that there is someone to respond on the other side of the app. I really wanted to like this app but it’s not what i thought it would be… i thought you would be able to interact with other black moms, but seeing how it times out before it will post I’m assuming that’s why it’s not many post… its not community style Great pregnancy and mommy app and community. I love the pregnancy tips and mom community on here would recommend for anyone! This app is the best! I am a mother of two and it’s such a resource and community. I was really excited to find out about this app. But despite repeated attempts, I never received the mobile verification code via sms and was therefore unable to register.